
--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187711.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187711

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187712.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Seth Lloyd
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 15 Dec 2012 19:29:11 +0000 
Attachments: graveq1a.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I'm taking advantage of the lull in conversation to send you the paper that I mentioned: take a look at the figure, 
which 
explains visually how Einstein's equations arise out of ticks of a clock. Looking forward to talking soon. 
Seth 
On Tue, Dec 11, 2012 at 5:59 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
could we set aside 30 minutes so that you can bring me up to date on your work, phone weekend - next 
week? „ quesiton , If time behaved more like a field or force , than merly a metric, . causing an 
acceleration of space/ .if i had a one dimensional space with two distant objects, applying a force in the 
second dimention would draw the two objects together. it would lllok loike gravity in the one dimesion. same 
for two/ maybe for three.??? what would the math look like ? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187712

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187713.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bee: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Gregory Brown
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 12/16/12 
Sun, 16 Dec 2012 17:27:32 +0000 
Tax_Arithmetic_Shows_Top_Rate_Is Just_a_Starteriackie_Colmes_December_8,2012.p 
df; 
Lindsey_Graham's2banIcruptcyltrifecta_Glenn_Kessler_TWP_December_10,2012.pdf; 
A_Fine_Mess_William_Kristol_The_Weekly_Standard_December_10„2012.pdf; 
Theioumars_Tax_Advice_Billyristol_T_he_Weekly_Standard_December_8„2012.pdf; 
Republicans_must_wise_up_Eugene_Robinson_TWP_December_10,2012.pdf; 
Is_Conservative_Media_One_Big_Racket_Eric_Boehlert_Media_Matters_December_11„2 
012.pdf; 
Scarborough_Conservatism_Is_A_Racket_For_A_Lot_Of_People_To_Get_Very,Vety_Ric 
h_The_Daily_Caller_&_Huff_Post_December_11„2012.pdf; 
What_happens_ifAmerica_loses_its_unions_Harold_Meyerson_TWP_June_12,2012.pdf; 
The_Lansing-Beijing_connection_Harold_Meyerson_TWP_December_11„2012.pdf; 
Two_big_British_banks_reach_controversial_settlements_The_Economist_December_15,2 
012.pdf; Too_Big_to_Indict_Editorial_NYT_December_11„2012.pdf; 
Pesticides„Now_More_Than_Ever_Mark_Bittman_NYT_December_11„2012.pdf; 
Fiscal Cliffs_ and_ Fiscal Realities Bruce Bartlett_&_Yves_Smith_Moyers_&_Company_ 
Decen7ther_It_21:12.pdfr
Dear Friend: 
Nancy Lanza loved guns, and often took her sons to one of the shooting ranges here in the suburbs northeast of 
New York City, where there is an active community of gun enthusiasts, her friends said. At a local bar, she 
sometimes talked about her gun collection.On Friday her 20-year-old son Adam Lanza, wearing combat gear 
and armed with semiautomatic pistols and a semiautomatic rifle killed 26 people — 20 of them children — in an 
attack in an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut on Friday. Witnesses and officials described a horrific 
scene as the gunman, with brutal efficiency, chose his victims in two classrooms while other students dove under 
desks and hid in closets. Shooting his victims several times and some as many as ten or eleven times each. After 
the rampage, he killed himself and a 28th person, his mother Nancy, was found dead in their house in the town 
— who had worked at the school — she apparently owned the guns he used. 
The shootings set off a tide of anguish nationwide. In Illinois and Georgia, flags were lowered to half-staff in 
memory of the victims. And at the White House, President Obama struggled to read a statement in the White 
House briefing room. More than once, he dabbed his eyes. "Our hearts are broken," Mr. Obama said, adding that 
his first reaction was not as a president, but as a parent. "I know there is not a parent in America who does not 
feel the same overwhelming grief that I do," he said. He called the victims "beautiful little kids." "They had 
their entire lives ahead of them: birthdays, graduations, weddings, kids of their own," he said. Then the 
president reached up to the corner of one eye. Mr. Obama called for "meaningful action" to stop such shootings, 
but he did not spell out details. In his nearly four years in office, he has not pressed for expanded gun control. 
But he did allude on Friday to a desire to have politicians put aside their differences to deal with ways to prevent 
future shootings. For the president, this is the fourth trip of his presidency to a community still grieving from a 
mass shooting. Making a sadly familiar journey, President Barack Obama will attend a Sunday evening vigil in 
Newtown, Conn., to mourn with a town still seeking to comprehend the unimaginable massacre of its children 
and teachers. 
EFTA01187713
--- PAGE 2 ---
Arianna Huffington: The names of the towns and the tally of the victims change but the horrific mass shooting 
cycle of shock, unimaginable grief, calls for reform, followed by a return to the nothing-to-be-done status quo is 
all too familiar. The nightmare in Newtown, Connecticut — made all the more sickening by the presence of 20 
dead children -- is the third mass shooting since July and the fifth since President Obama took office. In the 
hours after the shooting, the president made a moving, emotional speech. Just as he did in the wake of Tucson. 
And Aurora. But calls for "meaningful action" and the lowering of
 to half-staff are no longer enough. What 
we need, in the words of Mayor Michael Bloomberg, is "immediate action." Gun violence, turbo-charged by easy 
and legal access to deadly weapons, is a cancer eating away at the soul of America. We need emergency surgery. 
Just last summer, Obama went to Aurora, Colorado, to visit victims and families after a shooting spree at a movie 
theater in the Denver suburb left 12 dead. He went to Tucson, Ariz., in January of last year after six people were 
killed and 13 wounded, including then-Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, outside a grocery store. And in November 2009, 
Obama traveled to Fort Hood, Texas, to speak at the memorial service for 13 service members who were killed 
on the post by another soldier. How young do the victims have to be and how many children need to die before 
we stop the proliferation of guns in our nation and the killing of innocents? In every country, some people are 
disturbed, broken-hearted or angry enough to murder. What is special about this country is the extent of the 
damage that such people are able to inflict when the urge comes. How's this for a stat from 
®ABCNewsRadio: since 1999, 31 school shootings hi the US. Rest of the world, 14. 
This week on Moyers & Company — Fiscal Cliffs and Fiscal Realities — Bill Moyers speaks with 
independent political and economic analysts Bruce Bartlett and Yves Smith join Bill in a discussion about why 
Washington insiders are talking about the deficit crisis instead of the jobs crisis. (or — Why the fiscal cliff-is 
merely a phantom menace — and what we should be talking about instead?) 
http://billmoyers.com/episode/full-show-fiscal-cliffs-and-fiscal-realities/ 
When it comes to America's economic health, all anyone seems to talk about is the "fiscal cliff," and the perils of 
our inevitable plunge. But media's favorite metaphor is distracting us from actual and crucial fiscal realities. 
Bartlett, former advisor to Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, got into hot water with fellow 
conservatives when he aired concerns about the direction of their ideology and wrote critically of the second 
George Bush. His most recent book is The Benefit and The Burden: Tax Reform — Why We Need it, and What It 
Will Take. Yves Smith, who spent more than 25 years in the financial services industry, is the founder and editor 
of the popular blog Naked Capitalism, and runs a successful management consulting firm. 
The show starts with Bill asking Yves and Bruce, "if the Fiscal Cliff is just a metaphor or real " To which Yves 
suggests that it more accurately describes an gradual impact that can be reversed. For example; if, you know, 
payroll tax increases would take place. But if a deal were arrived at on Febrtuiry 15 or March 3rd, you could 
even put the rates, the old rates in back retroactively and have everybody get a credit. So the notion that we have 
to have a deal by December 31 or there'll be a disaster is really overstated. With Bruce suggesting that like Y2K, 
which many people were worried that all the computers would cease working and the planes would fall out of the 
sky. And, of course, none of that happened. But, of course, one of the reasons it didn't happen is because 
everybody fl
ared for it ahead of time. And that's essentially what's happening right now. 
Both Bruce Bartlett and Yves Smith believe that President Obama compromising is not worthwhile because 
austerity doesn't work. They point to Europe where they've implemented austerity in a number of countries with 
the idea of reducing government spending in order to reduce deficits to get the ratio of debt to G.D.P. to the size 
of the economy down. But what happened — shrinking the numerical value of the debt caused the economies 
contracted so much more that the debt to G.D.P., — ratios got worse — making the problems worse. As such 
austerity that many conservatives propose is the medicine that will make today's bad situation worse. 
More importantly, they say that Republicans don't want to compromise with President Obama. They view him as 
illegitimate, incompetent, weak and a danger to America. As conservative columnist Marc Thiessen wrote this 
week in The Washington Post, Republicans in this fiscal showdown should stand and fight. He says that they 
EFTA01187714
--- PAGE 3 ---
can either surrender or stand and fight, which means standing their ground on taxes, putting a plan forward to 
reform the tax code, passing those plans in the house, and putting Obama on the spot. This isn't a consideration 
of compromise or honest a negotiation platform. If we go over the fiscal cliff or into the fiscal slope, we're going 
to have the tax increases kick in. If Obama is interested in negotiating for a better deal for the ordinary person, 
he should actually go into January. He will be in a very different negotiating position. Going past January 1st 
would actually be a very good outcome for ordinary Americans, as Republicans would do everything they can to 
restore the tax cuts for the Middle Class, even if they couldn't do the same for the rich. 
BRUCE BARTLETT: I'd go even further. I'd say let the fiscal cliff take effect permanently. Now everybody's 
afraid to do that. They think the economy's too fragile. But if you look at what the Congressional Budget Office 
has estimated. They say, "Yes, we'd lose some growth for about half a year. But the medium and long term 
growth would actually be higher, because it would actually do exactly what everybody says they want to do, 
which is cut a lot out of the long-term deficits. And it would do so fairly by raising revenues a lot and cutting 
spending." What, how else are we going to cut the defense budget if we don't allow the sequester to take effect? 
Both parties are pretty much into that. So I say let's just let the whole thing happen. If I was a member of the 
Senate, I'd filibuster anything to get rid of it. 
Until the 1980s there was a sense of propriety in Big Business and on Wall Street. There was a sense that there 
was more of a sense noblesse oblige among the elites. There was a sense even on Wall Street that you didn't take 
too much. That you, that, you know, the golden philosophy of long-term greedy was broadly shared in the 
industry. That you only took a little extra when your client was making money, too. And now over time we've 
had new values set in, where people increasingly see themselves as kind of isolated. Today they see their success 
as individual and even though that you may have worked hard to get there, the success is your own personal 
success. But there are a lot of people who worked hard who didn't end up with all the cash and prizes. But these 
new Masters of the Universe, don't see themselves like you and me... Nor do they play by the same rules. 
BRUCE BARTLETT: I think there's two reasons. One is an unjustly obscure economist named Michael Jensen 
wrote some very important papers in the '80s explaining, basically, that the only responsibility that a corporate 
executive had was to maximize profits. That anything else, any responsibility to the workers, any responsibility 
to the communities was nothing. The way he helped the nation, the way he helped everybody in a sort of Adam 
Smithian view was to just relentlessly raise corporate profits. And then secondly, unfortunately, I think Bill 
Clinton had something to do with this. Remember, in the 1993 budget deal, he had a provision that capped the 
deduction for corporate executive pay at a million dollars. So what happened is this created new methods of 
corporate, of compensation that involved stock options. Because incentive-based pay was not covered by the 
provision. 
So all of a sudden these guys who used to pay themselves a couple million dollars a year, they're paying 
themselves gazillions of stock options. And all of a sudden, the Jensen theory of maximizing corporate profits 
meant that it went directly to their bottom line, you see? And then they started, then you have the, Yves probably 
knows more about this than I do, these compensation committees that the corporate executives hire to design 
their compensation. And they all tell the boards, "Oh, you have to pay this guy 500 times what the average 
worker's being paid or he might leave. And that we can't allow that possibility." 
YVES SMITH: Oh, it's marvelous, yes. No company wants to have their CEO be in the top-- in the bottom 50 
percent of whatever the consultant defines the relevant universe as. So you create this perpetually ratcheting 
system, right? Because the consultant will do the study that somehow finds that their CEO's in the bottom half. 
So his pay gets moved up, which moves the average up. And bumps somebody else into the bottom half. And 
then oh my God, his pay has to be moved up. So independent of corporate profits increasing, just the mechanism 
of the way they do these studies, keeps everybody leapfrogging--
BRUCE BARTLETT: Of course, we've had a problem with the corporate boards that Berle and Means, you 
know, identified back in the 1930s. The boards don't look out for the shareholders the way they're supposed to. In 
fact, they're simply in the pocket of senior executives. And they just rubberstamp whatever they want and 
whatever is in their own personal best interest, everybody else be damned. 
EFTA01187715
--- PAGE 4 ---
Getting back to the Fiscal Cliff. First of all, the world won't end if a deal isn't made by January 1St. And some 
of the egregious cuts in both defense and in social programs can be restored with real bi-partisan support. More 
importantly it will allow for some of the pork projects and bad social programs die a natural death. And like 
what happened on January 2, 2000, on January 1St we will have survived another Y2K scare, without the need as 
much of an aspirin. 
THIS WEEKEND'S READINGS 
As Jackie Calmes wrote this week in the New York Time — Tax Arithmetic Shows Top Rate is Just a Starter, 
despite whatever either President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner says raising the top rate or just 
closing loopholes on the top earners will not generate enough revenues to close the deficit by either's plans. 
The math shows why. Even if Republicans were to agree to Mr. Obama's core demand — that the top marginal 
income rates return to the Clinton-era levels of 36 percent and 39.6 percent after Dec. 31, rather than stay at 
the Bush-era rates of 33 percent and 35 percent — the additional revenue would be only about a quarter of the 
$1.6 trillion that Mr. Obama wants to collect over 10 years. That would be about half of the $800 billion that 
Republicans have said they would be willing to raise. As a result other tax issues will have to be negotiated 
beyond tax rates. And that is why many people in both parties remain unsure that a deal will come together 
before Jan. 1. 
"The question is making sure that we hit a revenue target that's required for a truly balanced deficit-reduction 
plan," said Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, the senior Democrat on the House Budget Committee. 
"And when the president and all of us say this is a question of math, we mean it. It's very hard to make the 
numbers work without the top rates going back to the full Clinton-era levels." The top tax rates are taking 
center stage right now because Mr. Obama believes he won a mandate after campaigning relentlessly on the 
idea of extending Mr. Bush's tax cuts only for households with annual income below $250,000. But the two 
parties also have ideological differences on taxes affecting savings, investment and inheritance, which have 
flared in battles going back to the Reagan years. To get a deal in the coming weeks, those differences must be 
addressed at least in broad terms, even if the details are left to a battle over revamping the tax code next year. 
As we know the argument over rates is far from settled. Although the two sides seem close enough on the 
percentages for an easy compromise, principle and politics loom large: Republicans oppose raising rates as a 
matter of ideology, saying that it kills jobs, and the president insists that he will not keep the Bush-era rates on 
income above roughly $250,000 after two campaigns in which he vowed to return them to the levels of the 
Clinton years. "Just to be clear, I'm not going to sign any package that somehow prevents the top rate from 
going up for folks at the top 2 percent;' he said Thursday. In recent days, comments from some Republicans, 
including Mr. Boehner, their chief negotiator, have hinted that the party — recognizing its weak hand — might 
be moving toward a concession on tax rates. Seldom mentioned is that Mr. Obama's revenue total also reflects 
four other changes from Bush-era tax cuts: higher tax rates on investment income from capital gains and 
dividends, and the restoration of two other Clinton-era provisions limiting deductions and tax exemptions for 
affluent individuals. 
Together those changes would raise $407.4 billion over a decade — nearly as much as the president's proposal 
on higher rates, which would raise $441.6 billion by 2023, for a total of $849 billion. Another $119 billion would 
come from higher estate taxes, opposed by Republicans and some Democrats. And both the president and 
Republicans are committed to raising hundreds of billions of dollars by overhauling the tax code to further limit 
or end the tax breaks that high-income taxpayers can claim, though they differ in how to do that. 
Republicans want to raise all $800 billion from overhauling the tax code, erasing tax breaks for high-income 
households and using the new revenues both to reduce deficits and to lower everyone's tax rates. But they have 
EFTA01187716
--- PAGE 5 ---
not proposed how to do that, and the president insists it cannot be done without hitting middle-income 
taxpayers. 
Mr. Obama has proposed to keep existing tax breaks but to limit the rate of those breaks for people in higher 
tax brackets to 28 percent, which would raise $584 billion in a decade. He has proposed variations of that 
proposal for four years, only to be ignored by both parties because of opposition from charitable groups, the 
housing industry, insurers and others to curbing deductions for charitable giving, mortgage insurance and other 
purposes. 
Yet both parties seem poised to confront that opposition because they want a budget deal to commit Congress 
and the White House to overhaul the tax code next year. That is another reason Mr. Obama wants to have the 
top rates as high as possible: The lower the rates now, the harder it would be to raise revenues next year in 
overhauling the code. Some Republicans inside and outside of Congress agree. "Actually, I would rather see the 
rates go up than do it the other way because it gives us greater chance to reform the tax code and broaden the 
base in the future," Senator Tom Coburn, Republican of Oklahoma, said last week. 
Roughly splitting the difference on the top rates — settling at 35 percent and 37 percent — would collect nearly 
$200 billion over 10 years, under half the amount that would be raised if the rates reverted to Clinton-era 
levels, according to data from Citizens for Tax Justice and the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, 
research groups that advocate for a progressive tax code. 
In the years of debate over the Bush tax cuts, which predates Mr. Obama's first election, $800 billion has been 
the rough estimate for how much revenue could be raised in the first decade by ending them for the highest-
income 2 percent of taxpayers. But most attention focused on the top rates, which account for half of the 
revenue equation. The remainder would come from the other four tax changes for Americans with the highest 
income, two raising taxes on investment income from capital gains and dividends and two restoring restrictions 
on the itemized deductions and exemptions claimed by high earners. 
Under Mr. Obama's plan, the tax rates for long-term capital gains and dividends, now 15 percent, would revert 
to 20 percent for capital gains and to 39.6 percent for dividends, the same as for ordinary income. Republicans 
oppose the increases, and Senate Democrats oppose the proposed tax on dividends; their bill would tax both 
dividends and capital gains at 20 percent. People in both parties say that the four tax issues can be readily 
worked out. Mr. Obama is widely expected to give ground on the main sticking point, the dividends tax. Yet that 
would mean roughly $100 billion less in additional revenue over 10 years than his current proposal for the 
higher dividend tax. Another dispute is over estate and gift taxes. Here again Democrats are divided within as 
well as against Republicans, and big money is at stake — $118.8 billion through 2022 under Mr. Obama's plan, 
or $143.3 billion counting assorted other adjustments. 
Currently, a two-year-old bipartisan compromise holds that inheritances are taxed at 35 percent, with an 
exemption of $5 million for each spouse. On Jan. 1 that will revert to a 55 percent tax beyond the first $1 million 
of inheritance. Mr. Obama is seeking a middle-ground 45 percent rate beyond $3.5 million, but some Democrats 
from states with large farms and ranches favor lower estate taxes. All of these tax issues await some agreement 
on the core issue of marginal rates. And a final accord on taxes rests on separate questions of spending being 
settled — Republicans will not give further on raising revenues until they know what Democrats will agree to by 
way of long-term reductions in spending for Medicare and other fast-growing entitlement benefit programs. 
The Washington Post gave Lindsey Graham THE PINOCCHIOS for his comments on December 2, 2012 on CBS's 
FACE THE NATION news show — "I think we're going over the cliff It's pretty clear to me they made a political 
calculation. This offer doesn't remotely deal with entitlement reform in a way to save Medicare, Medicaid and 
Social Security from imminent bankruptcy. It raises $1.6 trillion on job creators that will destroy the economy 
EFTA01187717
--- PAGE 6 ---
and there are no spending controls." In dismissing the administration's offer to resolve the so-called "fiscal 
cliff"  Sen. Graham referred to the "imminent bankruptcy" of Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. 
The Facts: Medicare is an old-age health-care program, while Medicaid delivers health care for the poor. Social 
Security is designed to provide workers with a basic level of income in retirement, as well as disability pay and 
life insurance while they work. 
There are four parts to Medicare: Part A (hospital insurance), Part B (medical insurance), Part C (Medicare 
Advantage — private plans for parts A and B), and Part D (prescription drug plans). Except when Graham 
speaks about the "imminent bankruptcy" of Medicare, he is only speaking about the Part A trust fund, which 
would be exhausted by 2024. 
As a result we are not talking about all of Medicare, just the part that covers hospital visits, hospice care, nursing 
facilities and the like. Part B, which involves seeing a doctor, is paid out of general funds and premiums. 
Moreover, though the fund would be "depleted," it would not be "bankrupt " That is because the government 
could still cover 87 percent of estimated expenses in 2024 — and 67 percent in 2050. So, yes, there would be a 
shortfall, but it doesn't mean that the fund is bankrupt. Indeed, the Medicare Part A fund from its inception has 
been on the brink of going "bankrupt." The Congressional Research Service, in a report titled "Medicare: 
History of Insolvency Projections," shows that in 1970 it was due to go "bankrupt" in 1972. 
As for Social Security, once again Graham is pointing to just a part of the program — the trust fund for disability 
payments. Spokesman Kevin Bishop pointed to as article in The Washington Post that said the disability trust 
fund "is headed for insolvency in four years. " 
Four years certainly might meet one's definition of "imminent " But again it is not a question of bankruptcy but 
being unable to make full payments. 
The disability fund has come under strain because of a combination of older workers and the weakness of the 
economy, leaving fewer jobs for people with marginal disabilities. Once the trust fund is exhausted, benefits 
would continue to be paid, but at a lower level — 79 percent — because incoming payroll-tax revenue would not 
be sufficient. But the trust fund for the broader Social Security retirement programs is not projected to be 
depleted until 2033 — and Congress could in fact authorize the disability fund to borrow from the retirement 
fund. (It has happened before: The retirement fund in 1982 borrowed from the disability fund and the Medicare 
Part A fund when it was facing a shortfall.) 
As for Medicaid, we have no idea what Graham is talking about. Medicaid has no trust fund but is funded 
through general revenues in partnership with state governments. The rising cost of health care — and increased 
enrollment in Medicaid — has certainly put pressure on state government finances. But that's completely 
different from saying the program is going bankrupt. 
Bishop did not respond to a query asking for an explanation of Graham's Medicaid comments. 
The Pinocchio Test 
TWP: We acknowledge that serious financial challenges face Social Security and Medicare as the baby-boom 
generation begins to retire in full force, putting additional pressure on the federal budget. But we have previously 
given lawmakers Two Pinocchios for claiming that Medicare was going broke, warning that the facts do not 
justify such rhetoric. In this case we are going to bump Graham up to Three Pinocchios. Not only did he 
repeat the error of treating all of Medicare as one entity, but he did the same with Social Security. 
Moreover, his reference to Medicaid makes little sense, even if one has very expansive definitions of the 
words "bankruptcy" and "imminent " 
As Conservative Bill Kristol, Editor of The Weekly Standard wrote this week — A Fine Mess —the 
Republican Party is in disarray as Republicans are electorally shellshocked, believing that they were 
going to defeat President Obama on November 6, 2012 — and then losing. 
EFTA01187718
--- PAGE 7 ---
Kristol: It's also gradually sunk in that the GOP has lost the popular vote in five of the last six 
presidential elections, and that the GOP has been thumped in three of the last four national contests 
(2006, 2008, and 2012). Since the end of the Cold War, the Republican party has had only two really 
good election days, in 1994 and in 2010. Those were both off-year victories in reaction to the mistakes 
of first-term Democratic presidents, and in neither case proved harbingers of presidential victory two 
years later. 
And although Republicans still control the House, this may be a mixed blessing, because now that 
they are in control they are supposed to negotiate with the president on the budget and taxes. The 
problem is that the first encounter is countering President Obama's budget proposal to avert the fiscal 
cliff, but they don't have one. As such Kristol is joining a number of other Conservatives who are 
suggesting that Republicans acquiesce for now, to a modified version of Obama's proposal to keep 
current income tax rates the same for 98 percent of Americans, while also insisting on maintaining the 
reduced payroll tax rate of the last two years to head off the defense sequester? The only problem is 
The Pledge, that Grover Norquist is holding over their heads. 
Kristol: Well, perhaps this evidence that their pledge-master has, shall we say, lost some perspective 
on life will help Republicans think for themselves. After all, surely Republican members of Congress 
understand there's something crazy about appearing to fight to the death for a tax code in which Mitt 
Romney and others pay a 14 percent tax on millions of capital income—while silently allowing the 
payroll tax on labor to go up from 13.3 percent to 15.3 percent for all the working stiffs? Especially 
since the Bush Tax Cuts were suppose to only be temporary — so can Republicans find a way out of 
this mess? 
Again Bill Kristol: The Wall Street Journal editors are unhappy about the present correlation of political forces. 
Who isn't? They're also, I gather, unhappy about "Beltway sages" who, facing the fact that the Bush tax cuts 
expire at the end of this year, have suggested Republicans accept a modest increase in tax rates for the wealthy 
while leading the charge to keep taxes from rising for 98 percent of the American people. It would be great if the 
Journal editors had a better idea of what Republicans could do. They don't. This becomes clear about halfway 
through their editorial. After making a familiar—if mostly sensible—political and economic case against higher 
tax rates, the Journal editors come to the heart of the matter in these three paragraphs: 
"It's certainly true that Republicans can't stop a tax rate increase if Mr. Obama is determined to make it happen. 
The Bush-era rates automatically go up on January 1, and the House can't extend them alone. 
"But Mr. Obama also can't get what he wants without House Republicans. He needs their votes to extend current 
rates for lower-income taxpayers, as well as to prevent the Alternative Minimum Tax from hitting 27 million 
more taxpayers. Most of those new AMT taxpayers live in high-tax Democratic states. Meanwhile, the death tax 
rate reverts to 55% and a $1 million exemption. Senate Democrats running for re-election in 2014 won't want 
that on their resume. 
"For all of his bluster about blaming Republicans, Mr. Obama also knows a budget failure would do enormous 
harm to his chances of second-term success. It would guarantee at least two more years of trench budget warfare 
and poison the chances of immigration or other reform. Another recession would be on his watch, not on George 
W. Bush's." 
Paragraph one is correct: The Bush-era tax rates expire on January 1. It might have been a good idea to make this 
clear nearer the beginning of the editorial, but it is to the Journal editors credit that they now clearly state the 
problem. 
The second paragraph is the Journal's attempted answer to the problem. But it turns out to be no answer at all. 
It's true that "Mr. Obama also can't get what he wants without House Republicans. He needs their votes to extend 
current rates for lower-income taxpayers, as well as to prevent the Alternative Minimum Tax fivm hitting 27 
million more taxpayers." But think for a minute about the implications of what the Journal seems to be saying. 
EFTA01187719
--- PAGE 8 ---
The Journal editors believe that after January 1, when taxes will have gone up for everyone, House Republicans 
will block Democratic legislation that would cut taxes—that would restore the lower 2012 rates for the vast 
majority of taxpayers, fix the Alternative Minimum Tax, and for that matter would probably offer a compromise 
on dividends and the death tax better than what will be the new dividend rate of 39 percent and death tax of 55 
percent with a $1 million exemption. 
Will Republicans really oppose such legislation? President Obama will be beating the drums for this tax cut. 
Senate Democrats will pass this tax cut. If Senate Republicans vote against it, it won't be "Senate Democrats 
running for re-election in 2014" who will have a tax hike on their resumes. It will be Senate Republicans who 
will have voted against cutting taxes. And if House Republicans block such legislation, it will be they, and they 
alone, insisting on higher taxes. 
Of course they won't. Republicans will fold with lightning speed after we go over the tax cliff on January I. 
Which is why the third of the Journal editorial's three key paragraphs is moot. If we go over the cliff, there won't 
be damage to Obama's chances of second-term success. Quite the contrary. What Republicans will have done is 
to make Democrats the party of tax cuts and Obama a president fighting for economic growth. 
As I say, it won't happen. Most Republicans will go along soon after January 1 with what will now be the 
Democrats' tax cutting agenda. If the House Republicans now follow the Wall Street Journal editors over the 
cliff, the only effect, I'm afraid, will be to turn a manageable tactical retreat in December into a panicked 
strategic rout in January. 
Echoing Conservative Bill Kristol is Liberal Eugene Robinson who this week in The Washington Post —
Republicans must wise up. As the reality of last month's election has brought to light that their ideas are 
severely unpopular. Take the question of what to do about undocumented immigrants. The Republican Party 
takes an uncompromising line against anything that could be construed as amnesty — any solution that provides 
"illegal" immigrants with a path to citizenship. On the central fiscal-cliff question, the GOP is similarly out of 
step. The Politico poll found that 60 percent of respondents favor raising income taxes on households that earn 
more than $250,000 a year. The Republican Party says no — and thus allows itself to be portrayed as willing to 
sink the economic recovery, if necessary, to ensure that tycoons can keep their pantries stocked with caviar. That 
said, it's hard to imagine long-term solutions that don't eventually require more tax revenue from the middle 
class as well as the rich. But why should Democrats mention this inconvenient fact when Republicans, out of 
ideological stubbornness, are keeping the focus on the upper crust? 
The same basic dynamic plays out in the question of reforming entitlements. Republicans proposed turning 
Medicare into a voucher program; polls show that voters disagree. The GOP seems to be falling back to the 
position that the eligigility age for the program should be raised. Trust me, voters aren't going to like that, either. 
Nor, for that matter, do voters like the GOP's solution for the millions of Americans who lack health insurance, 
which Romney summarized as, essentially, go to the emergency room. A smart Republican Party would stop 
focusing exclusively on how government can pay less for health care and, instead, begin to seriously explore 
ways to reduce health-care costs. A smart GOP would acknowledge the fact that Americans simply don't want to 
privatize everything, which means we need new ideas about how to pay for what we want. 
Today, Republican positions are so entrenched and unpopular with a solid majority of the leadership unwilling to 
make the necessary ideological changes that they are in danger of marginalizing themselves out of step with 
most of America. 
Joining fellow Conservative Bill Kristol, last Monday MSNBC host of Morning Joe, Joe Scarborough lashed out at 
some conservatives, particularly pundits, for "destroying" the Republican party on Monday. "Major players have 
allowed their pursuit of personal wealth (and ego) to take precedence over larger political goals; that elements of the 
conservative movement resemble a me-first, moneymaking "racket,' where lining ones pockets stands out as the key 
objective."The nasty -racket- accusation highlights what's happened as Republicans have handed over more and more of 
EFTA01187720
--- PAGE 9 ---
their branding and marketing to media personalities whose ultimate barometers of success (ratings and personal income) 
differ from those who run political parties (getting candidates elected to office),In the business of media self-promotion, and 
particularly the carnival barker variety that powers so much of the conservative movement via Fox News and AM talk 
radio, it's inevitable that the goals of the "conservative entertainment complex," as writer David Frum dubbed it, would 
collide with the retail politics of the Republican Party. (Frum has charged the complex with having "fleeced and 
"exploited" its followers.) http://dailycaller.com/2012/12/11/scarborough-explains-his-punch-in-the-face-remarks-says-he-
identifies-with-glenn-beck-video/ 
From Kristol 
"And the conservative movement--a bulwark of American strength for the last several decades--is in deep 
disarray." Reading about some conservative organizations and Republican campaigns these days, one is reminded of 
Eric Hoffer's remark, "Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and eventually degenerates 
into a racket." It may be that major parts of American conservatism have become such a racket that a kind of refounding 
of the movement as a cause is necessary. 
And MSNBC's Scarborough: 
"You have a lot of people running around, saying harsh things that sell books and push ratings and lose 
elections," he said on Monday. "Conservatism is a racket for a lot of people to get very, very rich. With no thought 
of winning elections." 
Meanwhile, the incessant right-wing media desire to extract donations from followers for people and organizations that 
don't really need it can lead to baffling disconnects. 
Last week, while cheering the news that Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.) would be leaving the U.S. Senate in order to become 
president of the influential conservative think tank, The Heritage Foundation, Rush Limbaugh urged his listeners to support 
the institution and to become paying members. What Limbaugh failed to mention to his AM listeners was that The Heritage 
Foundation operates on an $80 million annual budget, lists assets totaling nearly $200 million and receives generous 
support from of 3M, Boeing, and ExxonMobil, just to name a few, key corporate benefactors. 
Indeed, the Heritage Foundation, with its gold-plated deep pockets and its big business sponsorship, has long been seen 
as the most prosperous think tank in all of Washington, D.C., boasting a staff of nearly 300 people. (As its new president, 
DeMint's annual salary will likely be in excess of $1 million.) Yet Limbaugh was urging his listeners from around the country, 
including those from small town America, to write checks to the Heritage Foundation so that its voice can be heard? 
I have always wondered why Middle Class and Lower Middle Class Americans supported policies against their own self-
interest, but being a Liberal Democrat my circumspection was viewed as partisan, even by me. But today prominent 
Republicans are now saying the same thing as the Frankenstein Marketing Machine has taken on a life of its own to the 
detriment of brand and principals of the party. For more information please feel free to see the attached articles by Eric 
Boehlert in Media Matters, Is Conservative Media One Big "Racket"? and the editorials in The Daily Caller and in The 
Huffington Post. 
China has a problem: rising inequality. The gap between profits and wages is soaring. Although elements of the 
government have sought to boost workers' incomes, they have been thwarted by major companies and banks 
"that don't want to give more profit to the country and let the government distribute it," Qi Jingmei, a research 
fellow for a government think tank, told the Wall Street Journal. 
Of course, if China permitted the establishment of unions, wages would rise. But for fundamentally political 
reasons — independent unions would undermine the Communist Party's authority — unions are out of the 
question. Meanwhile, the United States also has a problem of a rising gap between profits and wages. The 
stagnation of wages has become an accepted fact across the political spectrum; conservative columnists such as 
Michael Gerson and David Brooks have acknowledged that workers' incomes seem to be stuck. 
Defenders of right-to-work laws argue that they improve a state's economy by creating more jobs. But an 
exhaustive study by economist Lonnie K. Stevans of Hofstra University found that states that have enacted such 
laws reported no increase in business start-ups or rates of employment. Wages and personal income are lower 
in those states than in those without such laws, Stevans concluded, though proprietors' incomes are higher. In 
short, right-to-work laws simply redistribute income from workers to owners. 
EFTA01187721
--- PAGE 10 ---
Why, then, are such laws being enacted? The gap between U.S. capital income and labor income hasn't been 
this great since before the New Deal; why widen it still more? The answer, in Lansing no less than in Beijing, is 
political. The Republicans who took control of the Michigan statehouse in 2010 understand that Democrats' 
foot soldiers come disproportionately from labor. GOP efforts to reduce labor's clout help Republicans 
politically far more than they help any Michigan-based businesses or local governments. (The legislation, which 
Gov. Rick Snyder (R) signed into law Tuesday evening, establishes right-to-work requirements for the public 
sector, too.) 
Those who doubt that the intent of Michigan's laws is more political than economic should consider the two 
kinds of unions exempted from its reach: police and firefighter unions. Their contracts are among the costliest 
that local governments confront: Police and firefighters generally (and rightly) retire earlier than do other public 
employees, with relatively generous pension benefits. But in Michigan, police and firefighter unions often 
endorse Republicans. Shrinking their treasuries and political power by subjecting them to right-to-work 
strictures would only damage Republicans' electoral prospects (and may well play poorly to voters). 
But we should ask what happens if America loses its unions. What would America look like without a union 
movement? That's not a hard question to answer, because we're almost at that point. The rate of private-sector 
unionization has fallen below 7 percent, from a post-World War II high of roughly 40 percent. Already, the 
economic effects of a union-free America are glaringly apparent: an economically stagnant or downwardly 
mobile middle class, a steady clawing-back of job-related health and retirement benefits and ever-rising 
economic inequality. 
In the three decades after World War II the United States dominated the global economy, but that's only one of 
the two reasons our country became the first to have a middle-class majority. The other is that this was the only 
time in our history when we had a high degree of unionization. From 1947 through 1972 — the peak years of 
unionization — productivity increased by 102 percent, and median household income also increased by 102 
percent. Thereafter, as the rate of unionization relentlessly fell, a gap opened between the economic benefits 
flowing from a more productive economy and the incomes of ordinary Americans, so much so that in recent 
decades, all the gains in productivity — as economists Ian Dew-Becker and Robert Gordon have shown — have 
gone to the wealthiest 10 percent of Americans. When labor was at its numerical apogee in 1955, the 
wealthiest 10 percent claimed just 33 percent of the nation's income. By 2007, with the labor movement greatly 
diminished, the wealthiest 10 percent claimed 50 percent of the nation's income. 
Today, wages account for the lowest share of both gross domestic product and corporate revenue since World 
War II ended — and that share continues to shrink. An International Monetary Fund study released in April 
shows that the portion of GDP going to wages and benefits has declined from 64 percent in 2001 to 58 percent 
this year. The survey compared the United States with Europe, where the only other nations in which labor's 
share declined were Greece, Spain and Ireland — countries whose economies are at death's door. Our economy 
is nowhere near so weak, but as Americans' ability to collectively bargain has waned, so has their power to keep 
all corporate revenue from going to top executives and shareholders. 
When unions are powerful, they boost the incomes of not only their members but also of nonunion workers in 
their sector or region. Princeton economist Henry Farber has shown that the wages of a nonunion worker in an 
industry that is 25 percent unionized are 7.5 percent higher because of that unionization. Today, however, few 
industries have so high a rate of unionization, and a consequence is that unions can no longer win the kinds of 
wages and benefits they used to. 
Deunionization is just one reason Americans' incomes have declined, of course; globalization has taken its toll 
as well. But the declining share of pretax income going to wages is chiefly the result of the weakening of unions, 
which is the main reason American managers now routinely seek to thwart their workers' attempts to unionize 
through legally questionable but economically rewarding tactics (rewarding, that is, for the managers). The 
EFTA01187722
--- PAGE 11 ---
weakening of unions has had a huge political effect as well: the realignment of the white working class. Since 
the '60s, exit polls have shown that unionized blue-collar whites vote Democratic at a rate 20 to 30 percent 
higher than their nonunion counterparts. The decline in union membership has weakened Democrats in such 
heavily white, increasingly deunionized states as West Virginia and Wisconsin — the main reason Republicans 
such as Walker have sought to reduce labor's numbers. Liberals who have been indifferent to unions' decline 
will find it difficult to enact progressive legislation in their absence. 
Understandably, liberals like me are searching for ways to arrest the economic decline of the majority of their 
fellow Americans in a post-union environment. Because if workers can't bargain with their employers, it can't 
be done. If and when Big Labor dies — it's on life support now — And America's big middle class dies with it. For 
more information please see the articles by Harold Meyerson in The Washington Post - The Lansing-Beijing 
connection and What happens if America loses its unions. 
As the New York Times wrote this week — Too Big to Indict. it was a dark day for the rule of law 
when federal and state authorities have chosen not to indict HSBC, the London-based bank, on 
charges of vast and prolonged money laundering, for fear that criminal prosecution would topple the 
bank and, in the process, endanger the financial system. And they also have not charged any top HSBC 
banker in the case, though it boggles the mind that a bank could launder money as HSBC did without 
anyone in a position of authority making culpable decisions. 
It is shameful and a detriment to society that government's systematic avoidance of charging executives whose 
companies have egregious criminal wrongdoings. This week The Economist Magazine wrote a similar story —
Two big British banks reach controversial settlements — too big to jail. There is no doubt that the 
wrongdoing at HSBC was serious and pervasive. Several foreign banks have been fined in recent years 
for flouting United States sanctions against transferring money through American subsidiaries on 
behalf of clients in countries like Iran, Sudan and Cuba. HSBC's actions were even more egregious. 
According to several law enforcement officials with knowledge of the inquiry, prosecutors found that, 
for years, HSBC had also moved tainted money from Mexican drug cartels and Saudi banks with ties to 
terrorist groups. And although HSBC has agreed to pay $1.92 in fines and penalties, this is just their 
cost of doing business. 
Since the Supreme Court has ruled that corporations have the same rights as individuals, I would 
assume that they have the same obligations. As such shouldn't they, their management and employees 
who have done illegal acts such as money laundering for South American drug cartels be prosecuted to 
the same degree that you and I, if we had done the same things. Only severe punishments will 
stop this behavior and if the cost is confiscation, long jail sentences or the destruction 
of the bank, so be it. 
As Mark Bittman wrote in the New York Times this week in the article — Pesticides: Now More Than Ever —
How quickly we forget because the use of pesticides used in agriculture is bigger than ever chronic — exposure 
to pesticides is damaging not only to flora but to all creatures, including all of mankind. NYT: I was impressed 
by a statement by the American Association of Pediatrics — not exactly a radical organization — warning 
parents of the dangers of pesticide and recommending that they try to reduce contact with them. The 
accompanying report calls the evidence "robust" for associations between pesticide exposure and cancer 
(specifically brain tumors and leukemia) and "adverse" neurodevelopment, including lowered I.Q., autism, and 
attention disorders and hyperactivity. (Alzheimer's, obviously not a pediatric concern, has also been linked to 
pesticide exposure.) 
EFTA01187723
--- PAGE 12 ---
NYT: Although these all caught my attention, the most striking non-event of the last year — decade, generation 
— is how asleep at the wheel we have all been regarding pesticides. Because every human tested is found to 
have pesticides in his or her body fat. And because pesticides are found in nearly every stream in the United 
States, over 90 percent of wells, and — in urban and agricultural areas — over half the groundwater. So 
Department of Agriculture data show that the average American is exposed to 10 or more pesticides every day, 
via diet and drinking water. This shouldn't be surprising: pesticide drift is a term used to describe the 
phenomenon by which almost all pesticides — 95 to 98 percent is the number I've seen — wind up on or in 
something other than their intended target. (This means, of course, that in order to be effective more pesticides 
must be used than would be necessary if targeting were more accurate.) 
Recently disclosed evidence suggests that pesticide exposure in pregnant women may be obesogenic — that is, 
it may cause their children to tend to become obese. The mechanism for this is beginning to be understood, 
and it's not entirely shocking, because many pesticides have been shown to be endocrine disruptors, changing 
gene expression patterns and causing unforeseen harm to health. This shouldn't be surprising: pesticide drift is 
a term used to describe the phenomenon by which almost all pesticides — 95 to 98 percent is the number I've 
seen — wind up on or in something other than their intended target. 
Much damage has been done, and it's going to get worse before it gets better. The long-term solution is to 
reduce pesticide use, and the ways to do that include some of the typical laundry-list items that find their way 
into every "how to improve American agriculture" story: rotate crops, which reduces attacks by invasive 
species; employ integrated pest management, which basically means "think before you spray"; better regulate 
pesticides (and both increase funding for and eliminate the revolving door policy at the Environmental 
Protection Agency) with an eye toward protecting the most vulnerable — that is, farmworkers, anyone of 
childbearing age, and especially women in their first trimester of pregnancy — give farmers options for 
"conventional," that is, non-genetically engineered seeds (around 95 percent of all seeds for soy, corn and 
cotton contain a pesticide-resistant gene, which encourages wanton spraying); and in general move toward 
using more organic principles. 
QUOTE OF THE WEEK 
"All of these babies. We need to find peace for them, fa• the whole world." 
JENNIFER ZULLI, mother of a 5-year-old girl in Newtown, Conn., speaking about survivors of the school 
massacre. 
THIS WEEK'S MUSICIAL OFFERINGS 
As a young black man growing up in the 1960s the coolest music in the world was "jazz" and the 
coolest heavyweights in modern jazz were Miles, Monk, Mingus and Trane.... This week's music 
pays homage to John Coltrane. 
John William Coltrane (also known as "Trane"; September 23, 1926 — July 17, 1967), was an American jazz 
saxophonist and composer. Working in the bebop and hard bop idioms early in his career, Coltrane helped 
pioneer the use of modes in jazz and later was at the forefront of free jazz. He organized at least fifty recording 
sessions as a leader during his recording career, and appeared as a sideman on many other albums, notably 
with trumpeter Miles Davis and pianist Thelonious Monk. 
EFTA01187724
--- PAGE 13 ---
As his career progressed, Coltrane and his music took on an increasingly spiritual dimension. His second wife 
was pianist Alice Coltrane, and their son Ravi Coltrane is also a saxophonist. Coltrane influenced innumerable 
musicians, and remains one of the most significant tenor saxophonists in jazz history. He received many 
posthumous awards and recognitions, including canonization by the African Orthodox Church as Saint John 
William Coltrane. In 2007, Coltrane was awarded the Pulitzer Prize Special Citation for his "masterful 
improvisation, supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz." 
John Coltrane was born in Hamlet, North Carolina on September 23, 1926, and grew up in High Point, NC. In 
June 1943 he moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and he enlisted in the Navy in 1945, where he played in the 
Navy jazz band and was stationed in Hawaii. Coltrane returned to civilian life in 1946 and began jazz theory 
studies with Philadelphia guitarist and composer Dennis Sandole. Originally an altoist, in the late 1940s 
Coltrane also began playing tenor saxophone with the Eddie Vinson Band. Coltrane later referred to this point 
in his life as a time when "a wider area of listening opened up for me. There were many things that people like 
Hawk, and Ben, and Tab Smith were doing in the '40s that I didn't understand, but that I felt emotionally." 
Coltrane said that the epiphany of his development occurred on June 5, 1945, when he saw Charlie Parker 
perform for the first time. And by 1946 he was already known by "Trane"and had played on recording sessions 
with Miles Davis, played with Charlie Parker and had been a member of groups groups led by Dizzy Gillespie, 
Earl Bostic and Johnny Hodges in the early- to mid-1950s. 
Coltrane joined Miles Davis in the summer of 1955, along with Paul Chambers on bass, Philly Joe Jones on 
drums, and Red Garland on piano. For a brief period during 1957 he worked with Thelonious Monk, returning 
Davis in January 1958. He stayed with Davis until April 1960, working with alto saxophonist Cannonball 
Adderley; pianists Red Garland, Bill Evans, and Wynton Kelly; bassist Paul Chambers; and drummers Philly Joe 
Jones and Jimmy Cobb. During this time he participated in the Davis sessions Milestones and Kind of Blue, (one 
of my all time favorite albums) and the live recordings Miles & Monk at Newport and Jazz at the Plaza. 
At the end of this period Coltrane recorded his first album for Atlantic Records, Giant Steps, made up 
exclusively of his own compositions. The album's title track is generally considered to have the most complex 
and difficult chord progression of any widely-played jazz composition. Giant Steps utilizes Coltrane changes. His 
development of these altered chord progression cycles led to further experimentation with improvised melody 
and harmony that he would continue throughout his career 
Coltrane formed his first group, a quartet, in 1960 for an appearance at the Jazz Gallery in New York City. After 
moving through different personnel including Steve Kuhn, Pete La Roca, and Billy Higgins, the lineup stabilized 
in the fall with pianist McCoy Tyner, bassist Steve Davis, and drummer Elvin Jones. Tyner, from Philadelphia, had 
been a friend of Coltrane's for some years and the two men long had an understanding that the pianist would 
join Coltrane when Tyner felt ready for the exposure of regularly working with him. Also recorded in the same 
sessions were the later released albums Coltrane's Sound and Coltrane Plays the Blues. Still with Atlantic 
Records, for whom he had recorded Giant Steps, his first record with his new group was also his debut playing 
the soprano saxophone, the hugely successful My Favorite Things. 
In May 1961, Coltrane's contract with Atlantic was bought out by the newly formed Impulse! Records label. An 
advantage to Coltrane recording with Impulse! was that it would enable him to work again with engineer Rudy 
Van Gelder, who had taped both his and Davis's Prestige sessions, as well as Blue Train. It was at Van Gelder's 
new studio in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey that Coltrane would record most of his records for the label. 
By early 1961, bassist Davis had been replaced by Reggie Workman while Eric Dolphy joined the group as a 
second horn around the same time. The quintet had a celebrated (and extensively recorded) residency in 
November 1961 at the Village Vanguard, which demonstrated Coltrane's new direction. It featured the most 
experimental music he'd played up to this point, influenced by Indian ragas, the recent developments in modal 
jazz, and the burgeoning free jazz movement. John Gilmore, a longtime saxophonist with musician Sun Ra, was 
EFTA01187725
--- PAGE 14 ---
particularly influential; after hearing a Gilmore performance, Coltrane is reported to have said "He's got it! 
Gilmore's got the concept. In 1962, Dolphy departed and Jimmy Garrison replaced Workman as bassist. From 
then on, the "Classic Quartet", as it came to be known, with Tyner, Garrison, and Jones, produced searching, 
spiritually driven work. The Classic Quartet produced their most famous record, A Love Supreme, in December 
1964. The quartet only played A Love Supreme live once—in July 1965 at a concert in Antibes, France. By then, 
Coltrane's music had grown even more adventurous, and the performance provides an interesting contrast to 
the original. 
By 1965, Coltrane showed an increasing interest in avant-garde jazz, purveyed by Ornette Coleman, Albert Ayler, 
Sun Ra and others. In developing his late style, Coltrane was especially influenced by the dissonance of Ayler's 
trio with bassist Gary Peacock and drummer Sunny Murray, a rhythm section honed with Cecil Taylor as leader. 
Coltrane championed many younger free jazz musicians, (notably Archie Shepp), and under his influence 
Impulse! became a leading free jazz record label. In June 1965, he went into Van Gelder's studio with ten other 
musicians (including Shepp, Pharoah Sanders, Freddie Hubbard, Marion Brown, and John Tchicai) to record 
Ascension, a 40-minute long piece that included adventurous solos by the young avant-garde musicians (as well 
as Coltrane), and was controversial primarily for the collective improvisation sections that separated the solos. 
After recording with the quartet over the next few months, Coltrane invited Pharoah Sanders to join the band in 
September 1965. 
Coltrane died from liver cancer at Huntington Hospital on Long Island on July 17, 1967, at the age of 40. His 
funeral was held on Friday, July 21 at St. Peters Lutheran Church in New York City. The Albert Ayler Quartet and 
The Ornette Coleman Quartet respectively opened and closed the service. He is buried at Pinelawn Cemetery in 
Farmingdale, N.Y. 
The influence Coltrane has had on music spans many different genres and musicians. Coltrane's massive 
influence on jazz, both mainstream and avant-garde, began during his lifetime and continued to grow after his 
death. He is one of the most dominant influences on post-1960 jazz saxophonists and has inspired an entire 
generation of jazz musicians. In 1965, he was inducted into the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame. In 1972, A Love 
Supreme was certified gold by the RIAA for selling over half a million copies in Japan. This album, as well as My 
Favorite Things, was certified gold in the United States in 2001. In 1982 Coltrane was awarded a posthumous 
Grammy for "Best Jazz Solo Performance" on the album Bye Bye Blackbird, and in 1997, was awarded the 
Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. Coltrane was inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame in 
2009. As for his legacy, there is not a jazz musician alive who isn't indebted to John Coltrane. 
The Best of John Coltrane — http://www.youtube.comlwatch?v=V63-uQORIKk 
1) My Favorite Things 
2) Naima 
3) Giant Steps 
4) Equinox 
5) Cousin Mary 
6) Central Park West 
John Coltrane — A Love Supreme, Part 1: Acknowledgement - http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=5Pi5ZJZ07ME 
John Coltrane — Spiritual — http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkY zTKzPCY 
Miles Davis & John Coltrane — Kind of blue — http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEPFH-gz3wE
Johnny Hartman & John Coltrane — Lush Life — http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7d6 LUDa Zw 
EFTA01187726
--- PAGE 15 ---
John Coltrane — My Favorite Things 1965 — http://www.youtube.com/watchTvr-cTe7pP2dX8 
I wish you all a great week and I send prayers to the victims and families of the shootings in 
Newtown, Connecticut and everywhere else around the world this week. 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Ciregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Panners. LLC 
EFTA01187727

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187728.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Terje Rod-Larsen
To: mJeevacation@gmail.core ‹eevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 17 Dec 2012 12:09:10 +0000 
BEGIN:VCARD 
X-LOTUS-CHARSET:windows-1252 
VERSION:3.0 
TEL;TYPE
ELL:+4790520827 
NOTE: 
N:Rod-Larsen;Edward;;; 
FN:Edward Rod-Larsen 
END:VCARD 
EFTA01187728

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187729.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 17 Dec 2012 12:09:22 +0000 
call edward 
Forwarded message 
From: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Date: Mon, Dec 17, 2012 at 8:09 AM 
Subject: 
To: "Jeevacation@gmail.com" <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
BEGIN:VCARD 
X-LOTUS-CHARSET:windows-1252 
VERSION:3.0 
TEL;TYPE
ELL:+4790520827 
NOTE: 
N:Rod-Larsen;Edward;;; 
FN:Edward Rod-Larsen 
END:VCARD 
EFTA01187729

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187730.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "H. K.H. ICronprinsessen" 
Date: Tue, 01 Jan 2013 18:56:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
o 
for all the 
os .Sent from m iPhone 
EFTA01187730

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187731.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: <1 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: "'Richard Kahn"'
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2013 14:04:50 +0000 
Attachments: JEE_Request_1.3.2012_salaries_and_vendors.pdf 
Jeffrey 
See attached. 
Jeanne 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maittoleevacation@gmalLoom] 
Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2013 9:27 PM 
To: jeanne 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
pleaes give me a total of salarys, contractors ( irrigation, atlantic refrgeration , bob ) for last year, ISLAND , 
slaarys per month total and regulatr contractors for the next few months, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187731

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187732.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Karyna Tuition 
Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2013 14:33:23 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313010410130.pdf 
Attached is a printout of what her 33,865 entails 
Can i call you to discuss this and some other open items 
Thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor. 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: Janus 4, 2013 9:13:34 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01187732

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187733.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2013 19:42:57 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Thank you again for Paris!! Xxx 
LE pEN5c3
6LROP"i I “i
NSR SOV'' 
fit2:6VE Al' 
i; 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187733

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187734.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Update #2 
Date: Sat, 22 Dec 2012 00:23:15 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Charlotte Amalie_Census_Subdistrict-20121221-00099.jpg 
I just met with John from Peterbuilt,. He owns 6 large truck Peterbuilt dealerships. 
Extremely nice guy. 
He viewed midnight express, really likes it, he was going to purchase a new Midnight from Harris, but canceled 
the order. He would rather locate a clean used one like yours. 
He is concerned about bow rise coming out of the whole during first acceleration, I assured him, this hull rises 
with minimal bow movement. 
We are going to accomplish a short demo ride, 8am tomorrow morning if you approve? 
Thx 
Lany 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri 21 Dec 2012 20:03:26 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: Update 
thanks 
On Fri, Dec 21, 2012 at 4:44 PM, c 
wrote: 
Midnight express buyer is landing stt at 5pm, I'm going to meet him at this time. 
Gym,. 
EQ is installed with new receiver,. Just turn on monster power box on bottom of rack, turns system on. 
-need new tv and order 50 foot HDMI for gym,. 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187734

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187735.pdf
----------------------------------------
TIPII PETE TO.. USC 
Ois *Qua Aka* sok Titioit MD 
EFTA01187735

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187736.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187736

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187737.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187737

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187738.pdf
----------------------------------------
.►t 
EFTA01187738

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187739.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187739

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187740.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187740

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187741.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187741

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187742.pdf
----------------------------------------
411 
EFTA01187742

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187743.pdf
----------------------------------------
j 
EFTA01187743

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187744.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187744

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187745.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187745

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187746.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
EFTA01187746

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187747.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187747

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187748.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187748

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187749.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187749

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187750.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187750

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187751.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187751

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187752.pdf
----------------------------------------
Y 
EFTA01187752

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187753.pdf
----------------------------------------
tl 
b 
EFTA01187753

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187754.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01187754

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187755.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Applicant Laurence Cousin 
Date: Mon, 24 Feb 2014 12:22:42 +0000 
Attachments: Cousin,_Laurence_PAV2014.doc; Cousinjaurence-fresentation_Letter_2014.docx; 
Laumece_Cousin-_Reference_Letter-Levesque.pdf; Laurence_Cousin-_Reference_Letter-
_Ketty_Maisonrouge.pdf 
Inline-Images: image00 Lgif; image002.gif; image003.png; Laurence_Cousint Reference_Letter-
Pamela Hoilesjpg 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Alisha Perrigoue
Date: February 21.2014 at 5:17:33 PM EST 
To: " 
Cc: Asma Alahiane 
Subject: Applicant Laurence Cousin 
, Keith Greenhouse < 
Mr. Kahn, 
While we do not want to overwhelm you with resumes, we just heard back from another talented applicant: Laurence 
Cousin. Please find her resume, cover letter, and references attached above for your review. 
As always, please feel free to contact us with any questions. I am happy to coordinate an interview at your convenience. 
Kind Regards, 
Alisha Perrigoue 
Executive Assistant to Keith Greenhouse 
PAVILLION AGENCY, INC. 
East 40th Street, Suite 400 
New York, NY 10016 
Phone 212 889-6609 Ext.3007 Fax 212 532-0947 
EFTA01187755
--- PAGE 2 ---
Pamela Holies 
150 Southfield Avenue 
Stamford, Connecticut 
To whom it may concern: 
I hired Laurence Cousin to be my Estate Manager but I decided she will be a great help for my household 
as Artistic Director and House Manager for my female staff. Laurence is very creative and she managed 
to plan beautiful dinner parties and to set up my concerts including programs and invitations with a 
great sophistication. 
Laurence was also aided in the handling of the female staff housekeepers, laundress and cook, dealing 
with travel arrangements and protocol, packing and unpacking. She was my personal shopper 
supervising my wardrobe, my cosmetics and doing all other personal errands for gifts and household 
decoration and design. At some point she was also in charge of the contractors and vendors always 
dealing courteously with them at all times. 
Laurence is a very hard working, she understands very well how to manage a sophisticated household, 
and she is very detail oriented and honest. 
I will recommend Laurence for any family in needs of an organized artistic Estate Manager to run their 
properties. 
Sincerely, 
/
I
aftein— —411-4 1, 
Pamela Hones 
1-203.861.4113 office 
1-705-571-4905 mobile 
EFTA01187756
--- PAGE 3 ---
This e-mail ma contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (cc have received this e-mail in error) please notify 
immediately and destroy this e-mail. My unauthorized copying. disclosure or distribution of the material n this e-mail is sthctly forbidden 
EFTA01187757

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187758.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lisa Randall 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 23 Dec 2012 21:23:03 +0000 
Attachments: graveq1a.pdf 
this looks the same 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187758

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187759.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Alexa Staley
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 23 Dec 2012 21:23:57 +0000 
Attachments: graveq1a.pdf 
fyi 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Seth Lloyd 
Date: Sat, Dec 15, 2012 at 3:29 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Dear Jeffrey, 
I'm taking advantage of the lull in conversation to send you the paper that I mentioned: take a look at the figure, 
which 
explains visually how Einstein's equations arise out of ticks of a clock. Looking forward to talking soon. 
Seth 
On Tue, Dec 11, 2012 at 5:59 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
could we set aside 30 minutes so that you can bring me up to date on your work, phone weekend - next 
week? „ quesiton , If time behaved more like a field or force , than merly a metric, . causing an 
acceleration of space/ .if i had a one dimensional space with two distant objects, applying a force in the 
second dimention would draw the two objects together. it would lllok loike gravity in the one dimesion. same 
for two/ maybe for three.??? what would the math look like ? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01187759
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187760

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187761.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Gerald Barton" 
To: Ceevacation(ii2gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 24 Feb 2014 13:06:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: Landmark_Land_Tree_Orange.JPG 
Jeffrey, 
I saw the recent release on your funding for the melanoma cocktail. I have had 5 melanoma operations on my foot and 
eventually lost two toes, so now I do my math to the base 8, and I have had several more melanoma operations on my skin. If 
you are ever having a fund raiser and want a testimonial, I will be there. 
I follow, on the internet, some of the interesting and wonderful things you are doing and I feel better having such an 
extraordinary mind focused on problems greater than making money. Congratulations! 
Jerry 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, Inc. 
P.O. Box 1880 
Upper Marlboro, MD 20773 
Phon 
Fax: 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message, including any attached files and subsequent replies, is intended only for the exclusive 
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is proprietary, privileged, 
confidential and/or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this e-mail message is not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any viewing, copying, disclosure or distribution of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by either telephone or e-mail, and 
delete the original and any copies from your computer system. Thank you 
EFTA01187761

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187762.pdf
----------------------------------------
Offshore Marine 
8185 SUBBASE - ST. THOMAS, US VIRGIN ISLANDS - 00802 - (340)776-5432 - WWW.OFFSHOREVI.COM 
DATE: 1/7/2013 
FOR: LITTLE ST. JAMES, LSJLLC 
QUOTATION 
PREPARED BY: HARALD TAPP 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS B-3 
ST. THOMAS, 
VI 
00802-1348 
QUOTE #: 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
COR 775-8100 or 81 
775-8108 or 8109 
ITEM NUMBER 
DESCRIPTION 
AMOUNT 
C-DL15 
070-1021549 
CARIBE 
DL15 
YAMAHA 
F70AER_ 
$11,961.00 
$9,679.00 
BATTERY-24 
$160.00 
BA: 1ERY- M24 
9868 6006 
$50.30 
BA: tHY SWITCH, MINI 
1RAC 025RAC02 
MIC AQUABLOC GAS FILT 
$126.99 
MAR-CABLE-13-SC 
PREMIER CABLE 13 FT 
$176.60 
THIMBLE 1/2 
THIMBLE SS 1/2 
$12.00 
ROPE1/2 
ROPE 1/2 PER FOOT 
$55.50 
GAS 
GALLON OF GAS 
$112.47 
MAR-ZERKN-LIT-01 
STR CABLE GRSE NUT 
$70.10 
8876 1/4X5116 
90,PIPE TO HOSE 
$17.60 
DISCOUNT 
-4967.00 
INSTALLATION/LABOR 
$1,568.00 
RIGGING SUPPUES 
$100.00 
QUOTE TOTAL 
$23,122.56 
QUOTE VALID FOR 30 DAYS. 
WE LOOK FORWARD TO BEING OF SERVICE TO YOU.
SIGNED 
DATED 
SINCERELY, 
I-far-21d Tann 
OFFSHORE MARINE 
8185 SUBBASE 
ST THOMAS, US VIRGIN ISLANDS 
00802 
:340, 776-5432 - WWW.OFFSHOREVI COM 
QUOTATION 
DATE: 1/7/2013 
PREPARED BY: HARALD TAP? 
FOR: LITTLE ST. JAMES, LSJLLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTERS 6-3 
ST. THOMAS, 
VI 
00802-1348 
QUOTE 0: 
PHONE: COR 775-8100 
FAX: 775-8108 or $109 
ITEM NUMBER 
DESCRIPTION 
QTY 
AMOL)NI 
C-DL20 
115-1144097 
CARIBE 
DUO 
YAMAHA 
F115AETL 
519429.09 
511,391.00 
6Y8-82521-11-00 
2FT PIGTAIL BUS 
54930 
MAR-ZERKN-UT-01 
STR CABLE GRSE NUT 
$61.80 
9868 6006 
BATTERY SWITCH, MENI 
S40.10 
BATTERY - M6 
5140110 
BA I I ERY-24 
18-7777 
BRACKET, FUEL FILTER/ SS 
$60.00 
BATTERY-CABLE-6BK 6GA BLACK CABLE PER FT 
541.04 
BATTERY-CABLE-6R 
6GA CABLE PER FT 
$41,04 
6X3-48206-01-00 
FLUSH CNTL W/STOP SW 
S48Q.N0 
BATTERY-BOX 
BATTERY BOX MX24 
$25.00 
311AC 032013 
MERC 0/B FF W/SEE THRU 
MAO 
703-82510-12-00 
MAIN SWITCH ASSY 
4.104.80 
DISCOUNT 
511.00 
INSTALLATION /LABOR 
$2.:$2,00 
RIGGING SUPPLIFS 
111AID 
QUOTE TOTAL 
470.1 WI-27 
QUOTED PRICE IS FOR BOAT, ENGINE AND INSTALLATION OF TWOS-TETI ACCESSORIIS. 
INSTALLA TION OF ANY OTHER ACCESSORIES WILL 5$ INVOKED strAR Am y 
TI LANK YOU FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO QUOTE ON YOUR POMP/411M N11115. IF THIS QUOTE MEETS 
WI111 YOUR SATISFACTION, WOULD YOU PLEASE SIGN DATE AND EFTL'IN THE ORIGINAL COPY. 
WE LOOK FORWARD 1O BEING OF SERVICE TO YOU. 
SIGNED 
_ 
_ 
DATED 
_ 
SINCERELY. 
Harald Tapp 
EFTA01187762

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187763.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187763

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187764.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Island Marine Invoice 
Date: Mon, 07 Jan 2013 21:09:44 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313010412400.pdf 
Attached invoice in the amount of 468.75 relates to required trim tabs on midnight express 
This is the first invoice we have received from Island Marine with an hourly rate of $75 per hour as all other 
work has been fixed price 
Please advise if ok for Jeanne to release check 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: Janus 4, 2013 11:40:30 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01187764

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187765.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Date: Sat, 29 Dec 2012 19:35:09 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01187765
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187766
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01187767

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187768.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 29 Dec 2012 19:51:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01187768
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187769
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01187770

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187771.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Date: Sat, 29 Dec 2012 19:51:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01187771
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187772
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01187773

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187774.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 29 Dec 2012 21:58:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.PNG 
EFTA01187774
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01187775
--- PAGE 3 ---
ad_ AT&T Ir'• 
4:57 PM 
59% WX,
Sent Mail 
TOEFL taker 
a 
To: 
Date: 
December 29, 2012, 1:49 PM 
Hide details 
T 
toefl@ets.org 
Hi , 
Still waiting for my score record could you 
send me it in an electronic version as paper 
document , thanks 
18/07/90 
Test date: December 19 , 2012 
h 
Sent from my iPhone. 
Reply 
Forward 
EFTA01187776
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01187777

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187778.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
1, "7 
Li L11111111 
EFTA01187778

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187779.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel ca• 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 30 Dec 2012 04:17:43 +0000 
Attachments: 20121223_170956jpg 
it was a good walk #11111 
EFTA01187779

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187780.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187780

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187781.pdf
----------------------------------------
.-A r
EFTA01187781

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187782.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
EFTA01187782

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187783.pdf
----------------------------------------
I
,
EFTA01187783

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 30 Dec 2012 23:34:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.PNG 
EFTA01187784
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01187785
--- PAGE 3 ---
AT&T LTE 
6:31 PM 
31%1 11 
Please Call Our Customer Service Departme... 
toefl-registration.ets.o 
ET-DS L 
I 'noting In. ,
InhInct 
.
1117
tar 
I ntInIt taittiatx€ I t42, ram:: 
TOEFL. 
Log Out I Fikas I Help I Contact Us I TOEFL Home Paw 
Sorry, but we are unable to process your information. 
Contact a Customer Service Representative for 
assistance. If you are calling from the U.S., a U.S. territory, 
or Canada, the number is 1-877-863-3546. For all other 
locations, call 1-609-771-7100.
Please asod sag your beornes's5a0. ban alien eassoaloo the see 
When .nSMg inter nam. de n 
IN 
dil•Cli heal actraed ehasseten es dale ads on any of the balers* et Piss 
Pliy*Of 
Sweaty Paw I board lawman 
Caere** 0 2012 by idscolloral ',sena Seat M 14* reamed 
EIS. Ile ETS boo. LISTENING. LEARNIC LEADING. TOEFL. orel TOEFL EIT 
Nsinieral Padenarsa 
Ettecaladal Testing Seas ISIS} In the Urged Sales and tea cadent 
Sent from my iPhon 
EFTA01187786
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01187787

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187788.pdf
----------------------------------------
From•
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 30 Dec 2012 23:40:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.PNG; photo_2.PNG; photo_3.PNG 
EFTA01187788
--- PAGE 2 ---
In__ AT&T LTE 
6:38 PM 
28% 
tealteu. 
I na:14•14 Lanwouvr teatmug 
I 
Log Out I VALI I Halo I Contact Us I TOEFL Home Pane 
User Name Assistance: Part 1 of 3 
Please follow these simple steps to access your user 
name. 
Items with an • are required. 
1. Enter Information about yourself. 
2. Answer a security question to verify your identity. 
3. View your user name and change your password. 
Enter as much of the following information about your 
profile as possible. 
Pre: 
Fee...a ere 
e re epee& 
• Lastffeely were: 
Sults 
• c—f 
• Dab Rae 
 •Sountrplacale or 
Raikeity. 
▪ Pre Le 1: 
AS 
LM I 
Mare Lei 
Mena Lela 
0/11 
StataPreebace. 
PantatTlp Cock 
(Rands 
J
a 
femme
i. 
M
y
E
l
=
I
(
1990
 to thaw yeart 
Ouse tadasallaa 
(neln.. 
apt 2 LI 
L 
(New Yait 
NY 
IONS 
Ens Aden 
Ranbobbraegrel am) 
Rate 
Canty 
Wed Sea 
U S Seal Sauer Peen 
Sea Seaway RANI 
U.S. Orate Lceraelnewallon 
Stale 
Passe Information 
Orrery 
Nat(nal OD Inferation 
&sees-
 O 
Covey 
eareaanal Delve Liman Inlarreadan 
Canty. 
Nue**. 
Ey 
34719161S3J a 
Sa  010135)74 
ID: 
• 
tont 
'23467119 
at 
m 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187789
--- PAGE 3 ---
In__ AT&T LTE 
6:39 PM 
28% 
Log Out I FAQs I Help I Contact Us I TOEFL Home Page 
toefl-registration.ets.or 
"GIs> TOEFL. 
Search 
User Name Assistance: Part 2 of 3 
Please follow these simple steps to access your user name. 
Items with an • are required. 
1. Enter information about yourself. 
2. Answer a security question to verify your identity. 
3. View your user name and change your password. 
• In what city you were born? 
Chita 
Caned 
Piss avoid ebb. )c
 bean Bra buten Net pumpingNs bis 
Weal erten, onkenialkn, m not vs* ducnIcad noantod chandns wawa nick on nel ,. bans a Set 
Nona) a Secetty Poky I Lead lobirailla 
Copyright O 20t2 by Educational Testing Sereka. M rights reserved 
ETS. the ETS logo. LISTENING. LEARNING. LEADING.. TOEFL. and TOEFL it3T are registered trademarks 
of Educaband Tosbng Seth= (ETS) n the United States and other countries. 
W=MEMIlirlll 
EFTA01187790
--- PAGE 4 ---
AT&T LTE 
6:39 PM 
28% 
k 
a Please Call Our Customer Service Departme... 
toefl-registration.ets.c 
Log Out I FEa I Halo I Contact Us I TOEFL Home Pape 
Sorry. but we are unable to process your information. 
Contact a Customer Service Representative for 
assistance. If you are calling from the U.S.. a U.S. territory. 
or Canada. the number is 1.877-863-3546. For all other 
locations, call 1-609-771-7100.
Muds sea unj 
insists 0.• ban asann.pile. 
Sao 
*As• ••••••IN manna 
do nil um daytine owirOsa ahracainadhal. an in an 4 rm. Wk. 
co las 
Pawky( 14.02 Petal Lit
y:ra" 
Cams/104,f Cry tatemerse rap 
•• .0•11 
19.0“ fn. Iv' LISTIPM4 LFARISKO tiA00.0 r0Frt 1.000110 
movies-so nano.* 
of fsliktalsall Tab. Illane• 411)n on. w. 
CMS. na a. aMa 
m 
EFTA01187791

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187792.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jccvacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Question.. 
Date: Mon, 31 Dec 2012 10:15:43 +0000 
Inline-Images: SLKDesigns10.jpeg; SLKDcsigns3.jpeg; SLKDcsigns7.jpcg; SLKDesigns5.jpeg; SLKDesigns12.jpcg; SLKDesigns9.jpeg; SLKDesigns11.jpeg; SLKDesigns2.jpeg; 
SLKDcsignsitjpcg; SLKDesigns6.jpeg; SLKDesigns4.jpeg; SLKDesignsl.jpcg 
i have the flu, . i will talk to you about this next week. MandlElwillbe coming to st barths today 
On Sun, Dec 30, 2012 at 11:15 PM. 
wrote: 
The web reputation management people unan nas turas to nctp wan my web presence are wanting to make a professional site for SLK Designs, LLC and arc asking for photos of my work. Would 
you be OK with me giving them the attached photos for the site? 
EFTA01187792
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01187793
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01187794
--- PAGE 4 ---
Dun 
*1 
EFTA01187795
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01187796
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01187797
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01187798
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA01187799
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA01187800
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA01187801
--- PAGE 11 ---
I D 
EFTA01187802
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA01187803
--- PAGE 13 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jrrvaratiog @macaw, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187804

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187805.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187805

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187806.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 31 Dec 2012 13:42:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187806

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187807.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187807

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187808.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187808

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187809.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Giuffrida, David J"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: "Ens, Amanda" 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Harry Beller 
Year End MTMs 
Mon, 31 Dec 2012 22:04:43 +0000 
Haze_Trust_MTM_31December12.pdf; Financial_Trust_MTM_31December12.pdf 
image001.png 
, "Barrett Paul S" 
"Weissend, Renee E" < 
Jeffrey, 
Please find attached your year End MTM reports. 
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Happy New Year. 
David J. Giuffrida 
J.P. Morgan I Global Investment Opportunities Group 
NMLS ID 952970 
320 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
T: 
F: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax 
matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with 
the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed 
herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 
This is not an official confirmation. 
JPMorgan Private Bonk" t the marketing name Sr the private banking butraw conducted by JPMorgan Chase & Co., 
andOssubsidiaries worldwide IPMorpn Chase Bank, N. A and I.P. Morpn Tract Co.. N. A an members of the FDIC. I.P. 
Morgan Securities Inc. (IPMSD is a member of the New York Stock Bxchange and otter national ant regional exchanges. JPMSI 
the brokr-dealer. member NASD. SIPC. In addition, IPMorpn Chase & Co. may opiate various other broker-dealers or 
investntentadvisory entities. 
me following is being provided for informational purposes only and/or in nsponse b your request. Information containedin Otis 
message and any accompanying documentation. inclading but not limited b any research, market val❑ations, statement, 
confirmations. cakuktions or estimates, is believed b be nliable, but we do not wamnt it completness or accuracy. Opinions 
and estimates constitate our judgment and an subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of futon rents. 
This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial imrament. me broker-dealers 
and/or their 'Hiatt; and employees may hold a position or act as market maker in the financial instrument of any issuer discussed 
herein or act as anclemoriter, pkcement agent, advisor or lender to such issuer. Valuations provided reflect price estimate on Ott 
dat(s) spwifid. Phase nfer b your official statement/confirmation. We cannot penmen that different prices would not be 
available elsewhere and suggests that several valuations from other source be obtained for the purpose of making required 
cab Waticons. Target prices and anticipated yields are bend upon research natant and then can be no assurances that ten prices 
or yields can be realized. The ciabgations awl the noun= oak/, offend, or recommerded, inchtchng mutual funds, an not 
derreas axial, not obligations of, ca. erclorad ca. guaranteed by, any bath a tluift, nor ore they unwed by the FDIC ca.
any gowninental :weary. 
Pleas contact yOltrJPMargat Private Bank innenntative for further uffcrination a regardun any tranntion. 
This liformation is for the sole use of the 12113ar to wham it is addressed, and may be priviltged and casfidential. Any use, 
distribution, or duplicatiar 17 anyare other thaw the addressee is prohibited. Jf you receive this in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and return it 17 mail. 0 2005 JPMorgan Olen & Co. 
EFTA01187809
--- PAGE 2 ---
Disclosures regarding email content of the Sales and Trading Department are available at 
http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/GWM_Disclosures 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of 
information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at httpurtwww.jpmorgan.comtpagcsidisclosurestemail. 
EFTA01187810

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187811.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 31 Dec 2012 22:21:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
The Vila we are staying at) 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187811

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187812.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 01 Jan 2013 04:04:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Happy new year!!! 
EFTA01187812
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187813
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01187814

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187815.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Andres Serrano <Mina> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: "Happy New Year!" 
Date: Tue, 01 Jan 2013 05:48:59 +0000 
lane-Images: HappyNewY12.jpg 
EFTA01187815
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01187816

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187817.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacatton@gmail.com> 
Date: The, 01 Jan 2013 05:53:56 +0000 
I nline-Images: photo.JPG 
B
ooking at the party 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187817

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187818.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 01 Jan 2013 10:11:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Remember A - 2 (or 3), friend of the crazy 
who googled and never came back? Looks like she s been 
having lots of fun... And food... And drinks... 
Also where ( the one who never returned my emails, came to the house, I think the model agent brought her). 
She is even fatter... 
EFTA01187818
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187819
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01187820

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187821.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <EIMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 20:04:47 +0000 
Attachments: Project_Poseidonn
Teaser (10_1_13).pdf 
I can place up to US$ 50m 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA01187821

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187822.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Google+ team" <noreply-475ba29f@plus.google.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 6 people you might know on Google+ 
Date: Fri, 11 Jan 2013 10:59:45 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey! 
Here are some people you might know on Google+. 
Suggestions for you 
IIr 
Yana Bubnova 
Add to circles 
John Markoff 
person in common 
Add to circles 
Vw 
Add to circles 
Andrej Kolotuhin 
Add to circles 
The most popular content on Google+ 
g;Google+ team 
View all suggestions 
The Big Bang Theory . 
Tune in right NOW for final frontier on the Big Bang Theory! Plus, head to 
connect to tell us which Star Trek: The Next Generation costume is your 
favorite?? http://bit.ly/P4emIX 
+1071 - 108 comments - 183 shares 
View or comment on this post » 
IGN . 
A report indicates that PS3 has surpassed 360's worldwide shipped total for 
the first time. http://go.ign.com/13kci7Y 
+1328 - 500 comments - 236 shares 
View or comment on this post » 
Francis Derby 
Add to circles 
Add to circles 
View what's hot 
EFTA01187822
--- PAGE 2 ---
NBC News. 
How do you weigh a 21-toot-long python? Australian zookeepers weigh 
"Atomic Betty." 
Zookeepers at the Australian Reptile Park stand on scales as they weigh a 
21-foot-long python named Atomic Betty, on Jan 9. Reports state that the 
14-year-old python weighed in at over 304 pounds. 
More: http://nbcnews.to/U9DGkc 
Photo: Australian Reptile Park via EPA 
+481 - 180 comments - 153 shares 
View or comment on this post 
This notification was sent to jeevacation@gmail.com. Don't want occasional updates about 
Google+ activity and friend suggestions? Change what email Google+ sends you. 
;_,'Google+ team 
EFTA01187823

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187824.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Call re Kovel letter 
Start Date: 2013-01-15 16:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2013-01-15 17:00:00 +0000 
Organizer: West, Philip < 
Location: Dial-in: 
- Passcode: 
- Security code: 
Status: CONFIRMED 
Attendee: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>; Alan S Halperin 
>; Varma, Amanda Pedvin <
>; Darren Indyke 
Class: PUBLIC 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2013-01-11 21:21:23 +0000 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
REMINDER 
EFTA01187824

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187825.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE ANNALS OF 
UNSOLVED CRIME
PLANE OAS 
= 
THE MYSTERIES BEHIND 
HISTORY'S MOST NOTORIOUS 
SASSINATIONS 
Murders! 
Suicides! 
DISAPPEARANCES 
t il5 
AND OTHER ACTS OF DESTRUCTION 
IF EDWARD JAY EPSTEIN 
EFTA01187825

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187826.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187826

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187827.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sat, 05 Jan 2013 15:42:36 +0000 
Attachments: pingpong.jpg; manhongkongjpg 
Got back yesterday from Tokyo. 
Went to work and was busted for the most of day. 
Now — awaken since Sam... 
Let's talk today! 
When can you talk? 
Re pics from Bangkok — you can find something for everyone ;) 
These signs are covering blocks of the city. 
B 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, January 04, 2013 3:55 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
have you figured out your miami schedule yet?? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187827

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187828.pdf
----------------------------------------
ors4r5t. 
PE:7 TO liK3 
EFTA01187828

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187829.pdf
----------------------------------------
ILAT'EAM BOY 
EFTA01187829

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187830.pdf
----------------------------------------
L 
EFTA01187830

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187831.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
EFTA01187831

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187832.pdf
----------------------------------------
H 
con
EFTA01187832

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187833.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187833

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187834.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187834

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187835.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
• 
•
• . 
It . •
•
, • 
• 
I. 
• 
• 
•• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
. 
•• 
• 
• 
...._ 
•••
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•. 
•• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
Il• 
•• 
..• • 
• 
• 
• 
It 
• 
1h ily 
• 
OF 
• 
_ 
• • 
• ° 
• li 
•
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• et lo 
Ilk 
a.
• 
lk 
•.% 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
10. 
• 
• 
• 
II 
g% I 1 
s lit
- 
_ 
• 
l• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
, 
• 
..• 
,L•  
• 
, 
, ii 
..• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• W 
• 
k 
• 
I 
,.. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
* 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
a. 
s 
:.1:::::::‘‘::‘.:::::::::::::::::::::1111.1-1:11.1.1113/414.11.111::::::::::.::::::::: :I. :::  :as t: Ili: :1 
•• 
i 0
: ::: 
Ill
: :el:* lb
: 
• • • • . ,. , . 
i . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
, 
. 
,I,
• 
• 
* 
• 
• 
• 
• 
. 
. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
It 
• 
• 
*
ilk
me 
• 
• 
• 
. . 
•% .. 
• 
• 
•• 
• 
• 
% 
• 
•
• 
..• 
•• 
• 
I % 
• 
_ • 
_ 
..• 
. 
,.• 
• 
,t •  
• 
• ' 
. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
_ • 
•• 
- %• si, 
.• 
... 
• 
_ • 
,, 
• 
• 
• 
• 
. 
V 
• 
• 
•
•
• • 
• 
•
•
.. 16
•
% 
•'. 
I I.. •••• 
S I` 
% I. 
l.
•
• 
• 
• 
• 
•
•
•
•
•
gl• 
W
• • 
• • 
I 
''' 
• 
••e 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•
•
• 
• 
•
•
• 
. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
.• 
•
% 
• 
••
•
• 
• 
ir 
• 
• 
• 
• 
. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•
. 
• „•.; 
....... 
•.•• 
5:
: 
.1:
•  • a.
• 
• • 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
% 
•• 
•• 
•• 
11. •  
• 
.• 
.. 
. • 
.5 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
i• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•• 
••• 
•• 
ii• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•• 
./...••....••...leia 
• 
• : 
• 
I  • 
• 
• 
. a • ... 4,
S i 
• 
• 
• 
•* 
• 
* 
• 
• 
. 55 
• 11. 
• 
°I
• 
• 
• 
• 
• •••• 
••• 
• 
e 
' 
• '9 
I.
•
• 
• •  •
•
II •• 
• 
• • 
• • • 
• • 
a 
• • 
• 
• 
• I 
• 
• 
• • 
• ••
• • % 
• 
• 
%. 
• • • 
• 
II •• •• 
.• •. 
..• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
II 
.• 
a • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
. • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•• 
• 
• • 
- Ip 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•• 
• 
• • 
•• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
..•
„ • • 
•• 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • 
• 
• 
• 
• It 41 
• 
• 
• 
— 
• 
• • • 
••••• 
• 
• 
• 
- 
IL • 
• 
* 
lib
• 
• 
• 
•- ''''' 
1.••••••••••••• 
• • • 
Mete..
. 
• 
-----
----- 
• 
• 
. .. 
• 
• 
.•••••'•• 
• • • • • . 
. 
..
.. 
. 
• 
...... 
.
.... 
• '. 
.. 
• 
k 
. 
..... 
. 
• 
a....
. 
111111.1 
.. ....... 
111.1......•
T
.
:: 
... 
, 
. 
, 
....................... 
: 
al.
: 
:
w..
•"
.
. 
e• 
. 
• 
" 
. 
a 
• 
a
• 
. 
. 
. 
..... 
. 
..... 
. 
.... 
c l. 
• 
. 
..... 
..1; 
............................................. 
1
............
....................... 
gib 
I. 
.................................. 
..
....... 
, 
• 
EFTA01187835

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187836.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: lvjet
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 05 Jan 2013 21:33:38 +0000 
Attachments: Harvard6 sat editVisoski.docx; harvard_4 sat edit.docx 
_ _ 
_ _ 
small changes much better , 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187836

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187837.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187837

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187838.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel cza 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 06 Jan 2013 10:25:15 +0000 
Attachments: 20130106 152732jpg 
EFTA01187838

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187839.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187839

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187840.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187840

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187841.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Lesley Groff 
Subject: NY Academy of Art Donation 
Date: Mon, 07 Jan 2013 16:32:21 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313010712070.pdf 
Attached is list of donations made from enhanced 
Please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York New Y rk 10022 
tel 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Date: Janus 7, 2013 11:07:17 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01187841

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187842.pdf
----------------------------------------
My paintings are mainly pictures of words. 
Contemplating words as if they were objects 
encourages viewers to focus less on their 
meanings and more on their sanctity. The butterfly 
floating between word and viewer is a symbolic veil 
-- as in the veils of the Holy of Holies at the 
Temple -- intended to separate human beings from 
the unbearable intensity of transcendent holiness. 
(That Christianity insists that "the veil ripped" at 
the death of Jesus, while Judaism believes that the 
veil survives -- that intimacy and transcendent 
holiness co-exist -- is one of the central issues 
between the two systems of thought.) My "gisants", 
inspired by the recumbent tomb-sculpture of the 
Abbey of St Denis, represent the first three kings of 
the United Monarchy of Israel: Saul, the tragic hero; 
Solomon, every inch a king; David, who stalks, 
raging, forever. They are intended as part of a 
reconstruction-in-art of Royal Jerusalem, whose 
spectacular artistic and intellectual achievement is 
often lost in the countless layers that came after. 
Royal Jerusalem can never be reconstructed by 
archeology--it can only be recaptured and 
re-imagined in art. This is the ancient city that did 
more than any other to shape the western mind. 
Both types of picture are part of my attempt to 
speak about Judaism in images. Jewish art must 
speak directly about Judaism, not about Jewish 
types or customs or cultural milieux. It must not 
stand in some ethnic enclave, but squarely in the 
mainstream of western art. 
-- David Gelernter 
Gisant of Solomon; acrylics, pastels, cloth 
and metal leaf on panel, 24 x 72. 2012. 
Gisant of David; acrylics, pastels and liquid 
iron on panel, 24 x 72. 2012. 
Gisant of Saul; acrylics, pastels, metal leaf 
and liquid iron on panel, 24 x 72. 2012. 
Kivtah Nafshi; acrylics, liquid steel and 
pastels on panel, 18 x 24. 2012. 
De Profundis; acrylics, oil, pastels and 
metal leaf on canvas, 48 x 60 . 2010. 
SOLD 
Lecha Dodi; acrylics, metal leaf and 
collage on panel, 18 x 24. 2010. SOLD 
Hineni; metal leaf, aquarelles, liquid iron 
and pastels on panel, 16 x 20. 2012. 
Chadesh Yemenu; acrylic, aquarelles and 
collage on panel, 18 x 24. 2009. SOLD 
Ashrei; collage, acrylics and aquarelles on 
panel, 18 x 24. 2005. 
In a Dry and Thirsty Land; acrylic, pastel, 
aquarelles, metal leaf and liquid iron on 
panel, 18 x 24.2010-2011. 
Shma'ah; acrylic, pastel, metal leaf and 
liquid steel on panel, 18 x 24. 2010-2012. 
Sh'ma; acrylic, aquarelles and collage on 
panel, 16 x 20. 2009. SOLD 
Vaya'avor; acrylics, pastels, metal 
—leaf and metal suspensions on 
panel, 36 x 24. 2012. 
Merkt Auf; pencil, metal leaf and 
aquarelles on paper, 11 x 20. 
2011. 
Vag 
■ 
Zachreinu; acrylics, pastel and gold leaf 
on canvas, 60 x 72. 2009-2012. SOLD 
Khaneinu; acrylics, oil, liquid iron and 
pastels on canvas, 54 x 60. 2010. 
Aneintr, acrylics, pastel and liquid iron on 
canvas, 48 x 72. 2010. 
Vehu Rachum II; acrylics, liquid metal, 
and pastels on panel, 18 x 24. 2012. 
—Hayinu Kecholmim; acrylics, pastels and 
liquid metal on panel, 18 x 24. 2011. 
Ha'azinu II; acrylic, pastel and liquid stee' 
on panel, 18 x 24. 2011. 
Yishama; collage, acrylics and aquarelles 
on panel, 18 x 24. 2005. 
Hosiah et Amecha; acrylics, oil and gold 
leaf on canvas, 48 x 60. 2009. 
Ha'azinu I; collage, acrylics and 
aquarelles on panel, 18 x 24. 2000. 
Ha'azinu (drawing); pencil, acrylic and 
metal leaf on paper, 12.5 x 20. 2011. 
Blue Mezuzah; collage and mixed media 
—on panel, 16 x 20. 2000. 
Bronze Mezuzah; collage, acrylics and 
pastel on panel, 16 x 20. 2002. 
Sweet Singer of Israel I; acrylics, pastel, 
— liquid iron, graphite on panel, 24 x 36. 
2006. 
Sweet Singer of Israel II; acrylics, liquid 
iron, gold leaf and shell gold on panel, 24 
x 36. 2010. 
EFTA01187842

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187843.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <1 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Steve Gamble Resume 
Date: Fri, 18 Jan 2013 20:17:40 +0000 
Attachments: Steve Gamble Resume.doc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Steve Gamble < 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: January 18, 2013 2:11:41 PM EST 
To: "'Lesley Groff" <l 
Lesley, 
I don't believe Mr. Epstein has my resume so I have attached here. 
Steve 
EFTA01187843

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187844.pdf
----------------------------------------
.P 
EFTA01187844

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187845.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 18 Jan 2013 21:03:50 +0000 
Attachments: Project_punch_listn
January_18,_2013.xlsx 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
Attached for your review and comments is the punch list updated to January 18. It is still very incomplete and 
not many items are changed since you met with Rich earlier this week because I am still awaiting a response 
from the email I sent to Karen. I have again just emailed both Karen and Brice for response. My intention on 
Tuesday was to call individuals directly for updates. 
I also planned to resume taking photos on Tuesday, and as often as you request. Would you like me to make 
arrangements with Brice to go over earlier? 
Respectfully submitted, 
Daphne 
On Fri, Jan 18, 2013 at 3:37 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
photos and punchlist update? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187845

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187846.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 19 Jan 2013 03:18:49 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187846

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187847.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 19 Jan 2013 03:37:21 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01187847
--- PAGE 2 ---
V. 
au • 
' • . 
"sr-
• !t47:;!--‘51;:?..;:'..?S‘
'';.f..5:-.C.,"
-
" 
/.• 
/ 
/h. 
• 
r 
/u 
" 
ru• 
r‘: 
• 7N ^ 
EFTA01187848
--- PAGE 3 ---
tr' 
-„•••-" 
", 
2. , -t-
+111.ie
nOOOOO1:1OOOL;,-5 
noon:loot Jtj 
ocoocio
i
clocc0000D 
cutut:-
00000000utit
grr n0000rionoopur: 
occont lationontx7 
°moot li lf.11O111 
Doom it it Jill II rout...
II !I /C1
•‘",,,`:.\'‘‘' 
Ham
s
121Qc11. 1111t It 1 
ClOtalt II II It It ,, 
OOt3131.3I3c11 m 
OOOOOEInt 11 u 
,-x-1OOO121OU1C111111,‘
i t 
DOCICIl-lt ICII1r It 11 
DOCIEJOUCIllt.11ii I, 
OOOUOUlt -IllIll 
ti I, 
'itlA
-1C1LIOCIFII 1111 11 it ,
tt_.—....'11- 11- 11 11 1111 It u 
...,_
. --,Linann; a II a II II II ' 
n(11 II II II II II II II II
00111 II II II II II It It iI it I.
1O1JI II It il II It . 
Cill. li II II I 
mill I• 
CI. 
EFTA01187849
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01187850
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01187851
--- PAGE 6 ---
"' 
-2!"' 
-/ 7\ 
z 
y zer-r,,T7 
,^-- 
:)- - 
EFTA01187852

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187853.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "eCard from 
"  
To: <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: paula has sent you an eCard 
Date: Sun, 20 Jan 2013 10:46:15 +0000 
Blue Mountain 
January 20, 2013 
To: Jeffrey (jeevacation@ mail.com) 
From: paula ( 
) 
Special Delivery! 
paula just sent warm thoughts your way. 
; \-to view your 
eCard Click Here 
BlueMountain.com 
For your security, if you'd prefer not to click on links within this email: 
1. Type http://www.bluemountain.comPsource=bma999&rr=y&c=embm63459 into your web 
browser 
2. Select Pick up eCard located at the bottom of the page 
3. Enter the following code --> 2838723352892 
Please do not reply to this email. To help resolve your issue or question, go to: 
http://www.bluemountain.com/help/index.pd.
We have an extensive help center that may answer your questions, or you can choose to email us from 
there. To read about email protection, type http://www.bluemountain.com/emailprotection into your 
web browser. 
EFTA01187853

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187854.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187854

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187855.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187855

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187856.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01187856

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187857.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: La 
Visoski 
>, Carlos Rod 
Subject: Little C 
Date: Wed, 09 Jan 2013 13:40:35 +0000 
Attachments: LSJ F300 FL300 LITTLE_C.pdf 
Jeffrey 
Attached estimate is for the repowering of Little C for your review $50,416.00, plus $10,000 for tidy up work 
on cabin house, hull and trailer. 
as discussed the 300 yamaha outboards are lighter than existing 250 and would be more suitable for a boat of this 
size and weight, 15,000 lbs with out passengers 
this would also be a more fuel efficient option as we would not be running the boat so hard. 
Estimated trade in on old engines, $8000.00 each 
Regarding Fat, estimated refurbishment cost could reach around 120k plus 
this would be new engines, steering, electrical hull work, paint etc 
For any large loads of cargo or crew we can use barge or just do two trips 
multiple people can drive little C vs Fat C 
Hurricanne haulout is local either LSJ or St Thomas, not BVI 
Slip Fee is less 
please advise on how you wish to proceed. 
USVI  
Phone: 
New Mexico 
Phone: 
EFTA01187857

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187858.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: brice gordon
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 09 Jan 2013 16:02:50 +0000 
Attachments: Litter Stiames_Palmjanuary_2013-3.pdf 
will forward plant material this afternoon 
flat rack has been booked for shipping next week 
i assume we are to move forward with this shipment. 
Forwarded message  
From: Brice <1 
Date: Wed, Jan 9, 2013 at 10:52 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Invoice just arrived this morning 
Brice M Gordon 
On Jan 9, 2013, at 10:43 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Palm trees. Also we should realign heli rabbit lights so they are straight in line with pad 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
USVI 
Phone: 
EFTA01187858
--- PAGE 2 ---
New N 
•• 
Phone: 
EFTA01187859

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187860.pdf
----------------------------------------
GRAMM. PALMAS Y PIMPS ORNAMENIALF.5 
Sucesion J. Serralles Second Inc. 
P.O. B 
o Laurel P.R. 00780-1201 
Tel. 
cell. & 
Carlos Rodriguez 
Brice M Gordoni LSJ, SIT 
Litter St. James Island 
6100 Reed Hook Quarters Suite B3 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
Coconut Palms 
January 9,2012 
Description 
Sizes 
Kin 
Price 
total 
Palm Coconut 
Mulch ( 1 pallet 50bag) 
15' c.t. 
2cuft. 
150 
$ 
275.00 
$ 
4.00 
$ 
2,750 00 
$ 
600.00 
Total 
$ 
3,350.00 
Note: 
There is the programs for the delivery: 
Delivery day on January 18,2013 
LSJ,STT Mr. Brice M Gordon 
1. PO has to be send by fax or email to our office. Fax ; 
before January 14,2013. 
2. Sucesion J. Serralles is not responsible for the platform or sea freight. The platform has to be 
in the farm on January 16,2013. The platform need the adjustable strap (8). 
Delivery January 18,2013. 
3. 100% of the payment has to be done by wire transfer before January 14, 2013. An evidence 
of the wire transfer need to in the office by fax or email the same day ( January 14, 2013) 
We appreciate your business. If you have any question, please call me. 
Best Regard , 
Ingrid J. Rivas 
Sale Manager 
Sucesion J. Serralles Second 
EFTA01187860

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187861.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter <1 
To: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacationgginail.com> 
Subject: Jeffrey epstein, here's what's happening on Twitter 
Date: Wed, 09 Jan 2013 17:24:06 +0000 
jeffrey epstein, 
Here's what's happening on Twitter 
Stories 
Knicks' Anthony waits for Garnett by team 
bus 
The Celtics beat the Knicks at Madison Square Garden 
on Monday night, but not without some extra fireworks. 
Here's exclusive footage of Anthony waiting for Garnett 
and co. at the Celtics team bus. 
• Tweet this story 
Queens Wants to Transform an Abandoned 
Railway into a Park 
The Trust for Public Land, a nonprofit group, has joined 
with local residents to promote the idea of a park for 
Queens, like Manhattan's High Line, where unused 
train tracks lie. 
Tweet this story 
Google Rolls Out Biggest Free Wi-Fi Network 
in New York City 
Google introduced New York City's biggest free public 
Wi-Fi network Tuesday. 
Tweet this story 
;b.: 
EFTA01187861
--- PAGE 2 ---
CBS New York 
GJ 
Let me say this: I like Cuonzo Martin's team in 
Tennessee. But they won't make the NCAA 
Tournament. 
Tweet this story 
RGIII To Have More Tests Done On Thing That Used To Be Knee 
ASHBURN, VA—Redskins coach Mike Shanahan announced Tuesday that 
quarterback Robert Griffin III will undergo further medical tests assessing the 
condition of the unrecognizable, ragged mess that was once the rookie's... 
• Tweet this story 
Tweets 
Kate Upton is:I-KiiteUpori 
It's okay Notre Dame this happened to the Jets every week 
Retweeted by 
Neil Best. Al Hughes Dukes and 21873 others 
View details 
)E', Jan 
Chris Mortensen ~cirno•treaerl 
vu• Jan 
The Jets have fired offensive coordinator Tony Sparano, as expected, 
per league sources. 
Retweeted by Jane McManus, Dr. Bill Evans, LHD, Paul Schwartz and 340 others 
View details 
Geoff Foster Athegeoff2000 
Nick Saban celebrated this win by eating a bowl of ice cubes and 
playing minesweeper for 5 minutes 
Relweetec by Jane 
Jason Gay and 6b oft•e•s 
View details 
LeBron James g%Kc,gJarnes 
I blame the BCS for this! Call Oregon and get them on a plane to Miami 
please! 
Retweeted by Kevin Powell and 26726 others 
View details 
We.Like.Dave eWeLikeDave 
Doing it live on @923NowFM with @DeejayTORO and @DJDAVIDS.. 
Are you tuned in? 
Retweeted by DJ DAVID S Dj ToroNYC92.3Now'" and 923NOW 
EFTA01187862
--- PAGE 3 ---
View details 
Don't miss out. Stay up to date on what's happening. 
Go to Twitter 
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe to these emails. Need help? 
Twitter. Inc. 1355 Market St.. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA01187863

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187864.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
PLANNING, ZONING & BUILDING DEPARTMENT 
DEPARTMENTAL COMMENTS MEETING 
Development Review Item # Variance No. 4-2013 
Date of Meeting: January 9, 2013 
Address: 319 El Vedado Road 
711-ot: 
 P,ril-YssLunrs,
ROME DEPARTZli* 
NO COMMENT 
COMMENTS 
Name 
Akritez-
Aftee6-71, Signature 
Date 
1l  30 
FIRE-RESCUE 9VARTMENT 
NO COMMENT jC 
COMMENTS 
Name tlia
\  
yneocpositionrs, mos. 
PUBLIC WORKS RD
ARTMENT 
NO COMMENT 
COMMENTS 
Date 11/3112_,
oc42.-C1.20••PISA-N 
Name 
Position 
Signaturetn....
Date It So 12_ 
EI
RI
M!..3.1.gri 
NO COMMENT 
COMMENTS 
Name jaiNt--, t-ANkr 
PkairOeignature J 
&j 
Date a bot Q. 
BUILDING 
NO COMMENT 
I 
 COMMENTS 
Name J L - -A-7 
-
Inn 
Position ig Lbaa- 
Signature 
Date 11 -30-
EFTA01187864
--- PAGE 2 ---
RCOM/LPC 
NO COMMENT 
COMMENTS 
 biDivtitk6 
\-v-Dicip I\ -441-42+ 
ec)09/4. Position LY) 
HAD/1c_ 
VVN MA AGER 
NO COMMENT 
COMMENTS 
Name :Pk% V,Zes. 
CZN PasIaanTVF4-4••% 
kt4N 
Signature 
Date R 130
PLANNING. ZONING & BUILDING DEPARTMENT 
NO COMMENT 
COMMENTS 
04,, Atc,ii) 4444 A_ c,f4i-eci•
DIRECTOR, PLAN !NG, ZONTG; BUILDING 
DATE 
OTHER: 
EFTA01187865

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187866.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMI3AG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, 
and L.M., individually, 
Defendants. 
NOTICE FOR JURY TRIAL 
Counter-plaintiff, Bradley J. Edwards, pursuant to Rule 1.440 of the Florida Rules of 
Civil Procedure, to the Court that the action is at issue and ready to be set for trial on the original 
action or a subsequent proceeding. It is expected that this case will take 10 days to try. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
day of 
2013. 
ar No.: 169440 
E-mail: 
on 
E-mail s : 
• 
Searcy Denney Scaro a Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33409 
Phone 
Fax: 
Attorney for Defendant Bradley J. Edwards 
EFTA01187866
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA0408003OOOEMBAG 
Notice of Jury Trial 
Page 2 of 2 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beac FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Fanner, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, FL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phon aMIN 
Fax: 
Fred fraddad Esquire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort L 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Marc S. Nurik Es uire 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. 
301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Lill Ann Sanchez 
ire 
e 
aw um 
1441 Brickell Avenue, 15th Floor 
Miami 
Pho 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman. Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33301 
Photiljnpl 
Fax: 
Attorneys or Je ey Epstein 
EFTA01187867

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187868.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant, 
FOURTH AMENDED COUNTERCLAIM 
Bradley J. Edwards (EDWARDS) sues Jeffrey Epstein (EPSTEIN) and alleges: 
COUNT I-ABUSE OF PROCESS 
I. 
This is an action for damages in an amount in excess of the minimum 
jurisdictional limits of this Court. 
2. 
Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, is sui juris, resides in Broward County, Florida, 
and is an attorney licensed to practice in the State of Florida at all times material hereto. 
3. 
Counter/defendant, EPSTEIN, is sui juris and is a resident of Palm Beach County, 
Florida. 
4. 
EPSTEIN is a convicted felon having entered into a plea agreement pursuant to 
which he effectively conceded his having engaged in illicit sexual activity with a large number of 
female children over an extended period of time in violation of both State and Federal criminal 
laws. 
EFTA01187868
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800/00C<MBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 2 of 13 
5. 
EPSTEIN was sued civilly by a large number of his victims. Many of the cases 
against him have been settled, and upon information and belief, federal law enforcement 
agencies continue to investigate additional allegations of EPSTEIN'S serial abuse and 
molestation of children; others remain pending. As a consequence, EPSTEIN continues to face 
the potential of further criminal prosecution and huge civil judgments for both compensatory and 
punitive damages in favor of many victims of his depraved criminal exploitation of children 
including victims represented by EDWARDS. 
6. 
In the face of overwhelming evidence of his guilt, EPSTEIN repeatedly asserted 
his Fifth Amendment Right against self-incrimination and refused to answer any substantive 
questions regarding his sexual exploitation of his minor victims. Lacking any substantive 
defense to the claims against him, EPSTEIN sought to avoid his compensatory and punitive 
liability and to deter cooperation in the ongoing criminal investigation by employing the 
extraordinary financial resources at his disposal to intimidate his victims and their legal counsel 
into abandoning their legitimate claims or resolving those claims for substantially less than their 
just value. 
7. 
In some circumstances, EPSTEIN's tactics have proven successful, while other 
victims have thus far withstood this continued assault upon them and persisted in the prosecution 
of their claims. EDWARDS' clients are among those who continued the prosecution of their 
claims and the assertion of federal statutory rights afforded to them pursuant to the Federal 
Crime Victims' Rights Act (CVRA). 
EFTA01187869
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page. 3 of 13 
8. 
While prosecuting the legitimate claims on behalf of his clients, EDWARDS has 
not engaged in any unethical, illegal, or improper conduct nor has EDWARDS taken any action 
inconsistent with the duty he has to vigorously represent the interests of his clients. EPSTEIN 
has no reasonable basis to believe otherwise and has never had any reasonable basis to believe 
otherwise. 
9. 
Nevertheless, EPSTEIN filed civil claims against EDWARDS and EDWARDS' 
client, L.M. for the sole purpose of further attempting to intimidate EDWARDS, L.M., and 
others into abandoning or settling their legitimate claims for less than their just and reasonable 
value. His sole purpose in both filing and prosecuting claims against EDWARDS was never the 
stated purpose of collecting money damages from EDWARDS since EPSTEIN knew that he had 
never suffered any damage as a consequence of any wrongdoing by EDWARDS. Nevertheless, 
EPSTEIN filed knowingly baseless and unsupportable claims against EDWARDS and proceeded 
to prosecute those baseless and unsupportable claims in order to divert EDWARDS from the 
prosecution of EDWARDS' legitimate claims against EPSTEIN, to require EDWARDS to 
expend time, energy and resources on his own defense, to embarrass EDWARDS and impugn his 
integrity, and deter others with legitimate claims against EPSTEIN from pursuing those claims at 
the risk of having to fend off similar assaults. EPSTEIN's real purpose was to put pressure on 
EDWARDS, L.M., and other victims by publishing what amounts to nothing more than a highly 
defamatory press release issued under the cloak of protection of the litigation privilege. 
10. 
EPSTEIN acted purely out of malice toward EDWARDS and others, and he had 
ulterior motives and purposes in filing his unsupported and unsupportable claims. EPSTEIN'S 
EFTA01187870
--- PAGE 4 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 4 of 13 
primary purpose in both filing and continuing to prosecute each of the claims against 
EDWARDS was to inflict a maximum economic burden on EDWARDS in having to defend 
against the spurious claims, to distract EDWARDS from the prosecution of claims against 
EPSTEIN arising out of EPSTEIN'S serial abuse of minors, and ultimately to extort EDWARDS 
into abandoning the claims he was prosecuting against EDWARDS. 
11. 
The claims filed by EPSTEIN against EDWARDS included the following: 
a. 
violation of F.S. §§772.101, et. seq.—
Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act; 
b. 
Florida RICO—"Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act" 
pursuant to F.S. §§895.01, et. seq.; 
c. 
abuse of process; 
d. 
fraud; 
e. 
conspiracy to commit fraud. 
12. 
EPSTEIN, in his Complaint, directly alleged that EDWARDS was a knowing 
participant in a civil theft and criminal enterprise when EPSTEIN was well aware that there was 
and is absolutely no evidence whatsoever to support such false assertions. Indeed, his Complaint 
was replete with speculation, conjecture, and innuendo and was entirely devoid of factual 
support for his spurious allegations. Indicative of his total disregard for the lack of any predicate 
for his claims, EPSTEIN ignored the statutory requirement for written notice prior to the 
initiation of a civil theft claim. 
EFTA01187871
--- PAGE 5 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXIVIBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 5 of 13 
13. 
EPSTEIN knew at the time of the filing of the specified claims and throughout his 
failed prosecution of those claims that he could not prosecute the claims to a successful 
conclusion because: 
a. 
they were both false and unsupported by any reasonable belief or 
suspicion that they were true; 
b. 
he had suffered no legally cognizable injury proximately caused by the 
falsely alleged wrongdoing on the part of EDWARDS; 
c. 
he had no intention of waiving his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-
incrimination in order to provide the relevant and material discovery that 
would be necessary in the course of prosecuting the claims, (even if they 
had any reasonable basis), and he knew that his prosecution would 
consequently be barred by the sword-shield doctrine; 
d. 
EDWARDS' conduct in the prosecution of claims against EPSTEIN could 
not support the prosecution of a separate civil lawsuit against EDWARDS 
because of the absolute protection of the litigation privilege. 
14. 
EPSTEIN acted purely out of malice toward EDWARDS and others, and he had 
ulterior motives and purposes in filing his unsupported and unsupportable claims as previously 
detailed in Paragraph 9. 
15. 
EPSTEIN'S filing and prosecution of claims against EDWARDS recklessly and 
purposely disregarded the lack of justification for each of the claims and EPSTEIN never had as 
EFTA01187872
--- PAGE 6 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800)OOOCMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 6 of 13 
his primary purpose to establish what he did consider or reasonably could have considered to be 
meritorious claims. 
16. 
Each and every pleading filed by and on behalf of EPSTEIN in his prosecution of 
every claim against EDWARDS, every motion, every request for production, every subpoena 
issued, and every deposition taken as detailed on the docket sheet was intended with respect to 
EDWARDS solely and exclusively to advance EPSTEIN'S efforts at extortion as previously 
detailed, and constituted a perversion of process after its initial service. 
17. 
As a result of EPSTEIN's wrongful conduct as alleged, EDWARDS has suffered 
and will continue to suffer the following special damages: 
a. 
injury to his reputation; 
b. 
mental anguish, embarrassment and anxiety; 
c. 
fear of physical injury to himself and members of his family; 
d. 
the loss of the value of his time required to be diverted from his professional 
responsibilities; 
e. 
the cost of defending against EPSTEIN's spurious and baseless claims. 
WHEREFORE, EDWARDS demands judgment against EPSTEIN for compensatory 
damages, costs, and such other and further relief as the Court may deem appropriate under the 
circumstances. Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, having satisfied the statutory prerequisites for the 
assertion of a claim for punitive damages and having been granted leave of Court to assert such a 
claim does hereby also assert a claim for punitive damages. 
Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, further demands trial by jury. 
EFTA01187873
--- PAGE 7 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 7 of 13 
COUNT II-MALICIOUS PROSECUTION 
18. 
This is an action for damages in an amount in excess of the minimum 
jurisdictional limits of this Court. 
19. 
Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, is sui juris, resides in Broward County, Florida, 
and is an attorney licensed to practice in the State of Florida at all times material hereto. 
20. 
Counter/defendant, EPSTEIN, is sui juris and is a resident of Palm Beach County, 
Florida. 
21. 
EPSTEIN is a convicted felon having entered into a plea agreement pursuant to 
which he effectively conceded his having engaged in illicit sexual activity with a large number of 
female children over an extended period of time in violation of both State and Federal criminal 
laws. 
22. 
EPSTEIN was sued civilly by a large number of his victims. Many of the cases 
against him have been settled, and upon information and belief, federal law enforcement 
agencies continue to investigate additional allegations of EPSTEIN'S serial abuse and 
molestation of children; others remain pending. As a consequence, EPSTEIN continues to face 
the potential of further criminal prosecution and huge civil judgments for both compensatory and 
punitive damages in favor of many victims of his depraved criminal exploitation of children 
including victims represented by EDWARDS. 
23. 
In the face of overwhelming evidence of his guilt, EPSTEIN! repeatedly asserted 
his Fifth Amendment Right against self-incrimination and refused to answer any substantive 
EFTA01187874
--- PAGE 8 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXN1BAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 8 of 13 
questions regarding his sexual exploitation of his minor victims. Lacking any substantive 
defense to the claims against him, EPSTEIN sought to avoid his compensatory and punitive 
liability and to deter cooperation in the ongoing criminal investigation by employing the 
extraordinary financial resources at his disposal to intimidate his victims and their legal counsel 
into abandoning their legitimate claims or resolving those claims for substantially less than their 
just value. 
24. 
While prosecuting the legitimate claims on behalf of his clients, EDWARDS has 
not engaged in any unethical, illegal, or improper conduct nor has EDWARDS taken any action 
inconsistent with the duty he has to vigorously represent the interests of his clients. EPSTEIN 
has no reasonable basis to believe otherwise and has never had any reasonable basis to believe 
otherwise. 
25. 
Nevertheless, EPSTEIN filed civil claims against EDWARDS and EDWARDS' 
client, L.M. for the sole purpose of further attempting to intimidate EDWARDS, L.M., and 
others into abandoning or settling their legitimate claims for less than their just and reasonable 
value. His sole purpose in filing claims against EDWARDS was never the stated purpose of 
collecting money damages from EDWARDS since EPSTEIN knew that he had never suffered 
any damage as a consequence of any wrongdoing by EDWARDS. Nevertheless, EPSTEIN filed 
knowingly baseless and unsupportable claims against EDWARDS and proceeded to prosecute 
those baseless and unsupportable claims in order to divert EDWARDS from the prosecution of 
EDWARDS' legitimate claims against EPSTEIN, to require EDWARDS to expend time, energy 
and resources on his own defense, to embarrass EDWARDS and impugn his integrity, and deter 
EFTA01187875
--- PAGE 9 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XX'XXMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 9 of 13 
others with legitimate claims against EPSTEIN from pursuing those claims at the risk of having 
to fend off similar assaults. EPSTEIN's real purpose was to put pressure on EDWARDS, L.M., 
and other victims by publishing what amounts to nothing more than a highly defamatory press 
release issued under the cloak of protection of the litigation privilege. 
26. 
EPSTEIN acted purely out of malice toward EDWARDS and others, and he had 
ulterior motives and purposes in filing his unsupported and unsupportable claims. EPSTEIN'S 
primary purpose in filing each of the claims against EDWARDS was to inflict a maximum 
economic burden on EDWARDS in having to defend against the spurious claims, to distract 
EDWARDS from the prosecution of claims against EPSTEIN arising out of EPSTEIN'S serial 
abuse of minors, and ultimately to extort EDWARDS into abandoning the claims he was 
prosecuting against EDWARDS. 
27. 
The claims filed by EPSTEIN against EDWARDS were the following: 
a. 
violation of F.S. §§772.101, et. seq.—
Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act; 
b. 
Florida RICO—"Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act" 
pursuant to F.S. §§895.01, et. seq.; 
c. 
abuse of process; 
d. 
fraud; 
e. 
conspiracy to commit fraud. 
28. 
EPSTEIN, in his Complaint, directly alleged that EDWARDS was a knowing 
participant in a civil theft and criminal enterprise and that he had conspired to and did engage in 
EFTA01187876
--- PAGE 10 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA04080C0CCOCMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 10 of 13 
a fraud against EPSTEIN when EPSTEIN was well aware that there was and is absolutely no 
evidence whatsoever to support such false assertions. Indeed, his Complaint was replete with 
speculation, conjecture, and innuendo and was entirely devoid of factual support for his spurious 
allegations. Indicative of his total disregard for the lack of any predicate for his claims, 
EPSTEIN ignored the statutory requirement for written notice prior to the initiation of a civil 
theft claim. 
29. 
EPSTEIN knew at the time of the filing of the specified claims and throughout his 
failed prosecution of those claims that he could not prosecute the claims to a successful 
conclusion because: 
a. 
they were both false and unsupported by any reasonable belief or 
suspicion that they were true; 
b. 
he had suffered no legally cognizable injury proximately caused by the 
falsely alleged wrongdoing on the part of EDWARDS; 
c. 
he had no intention of waiving his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-
incrimination in order to provide the relevant and material discovery that 
would be necessary in the course of prosecuting the claims, (even if they 
had any reasonable basis), and he knew that his prosecution would 
consequently be barred by the sword-shield doctrine; 
d. 
EDWARDS' conduct in the prosecution of claims against EPSTEIN could 
not support the prosecution of a separate civil lawsuit against EDWARDS 
because of the absolute protection of the litigation privilege. 
EFTA01187877
--- PAGE 11 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXX.MBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 11 of 13 
30. 
EPSTEIN acted purely out of malice toward EDWARDS and others, and he had 
ulterior motives and purposes in filing his unsupported and unsupportable claims as previously 
detailed in Paragraph 25. 
31. 
EPSTEIN'S filing and prosecution of claims against EDWARDS recklessly and 
purposely disregarded the lack of justification for each of the claims and EPSTEIN never had as 
his primary purpose to establish what he did consider or reasonably could have considered to be 
meritorious claims. 
32. 
After unsuccessful efforts to defend and amend his maliciously filed and 
prosecuted claims over a period of almost two years, EPSTEIN abandoned each of the claims 
described in Paragraph 27 except for an ongoing effort to salvage his abuse of process claim. 
That abandonment brings to successful conclusion EDWARDS' defense against each of the 
other abandoned claims and constitutes a specific bona fide termination in EDWARDS' favor of 
the prior prosecution of each abandoned claim. 
33. 
As a result of EPSTEIN's wrongful conduct as alleged, EDWARDS has suffered 
and will continue to suffer the following special damages: 
a. 
injury to his reputation; 
b. 
mental anguish, embarrassment and anxiety; 
c. 
fear of physical injury to himself and members of his family; 
d. 
the loss of the value of his time required to be diverted from his professional 
responsibilities; 
e. 
the cost of defending against EPSTEIN's spurious and baseless claims. 
EFTA01187878
--- PAGE 12 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 12 of 13 
WHEREFORE, EDWARDS demands judgment against EPSTEIN for compensatory 
damages, costs, and such other and further relief as the Court may deem appropriate under the 
circumstances. Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, having satisfied the statutory prerequisites for the 
assertion of a claim for punitive damages and having been granted leave of Court to assert such a 
claim does hereby also assert a claim for punitive damages. 
Counter/plaintiff, EDWARDS, further demands trial by jury. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this  
 day of 
, 2013. 
--- 
4.4. 
- 
JACK4C 
OLA 
Florida ar No.: 169440 
Pei 
E-mail: 
ondary E-mai s : 
earcy Denney Scarola 
art & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Pal If 
. *a 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorney or sral ey 
dwards 
EFTA01187879
--- PAGE 13 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800)OOOCMBAG 
Fourth Amended Counterclaim 
Page 13 of 13 
COUNSEL LIST 
Jack A. Goldber er Es' tare 
eiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach FL 33401 
Phou
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, FL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Laud rd 
301 
Pho 
• 
Fax: 
Fred Haddad Es uire 
Fred Haddad, P.A. 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Laude al FL t 1394 
Ph 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Broward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Lill Ann Sanchez Es uire 
e 
aw um 
1441 Brickell Avenue, 15th Floor 
Miami FL 33131 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
onja 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale. 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01187880

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187881.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187881

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187882.pdf
----------------------------------------
1,) 
I
! 
EFTA01187882

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187883.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
: 
. 
4. 
A 
EFTA01187883

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187884.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187884

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187885.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187885

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187886.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
t
EFTA01187886

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187887.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187887

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187888.pdf
----------------------------------------
mnhai• 
stylist. mua: Hata 
Greege 
photographer: 
Ingo 
IfIshnyakoya 
EFTA01187888

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187889.pdf
----------------------------------------
ir
KELLERHALS FERGUSON FLETCHER KROBLIN LLP 
January 9, 2012 
Mr. John McDonald 
Director 
Office of the Lieutenant Governor 
Division of Banking & Insurance 
5049 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
Re: 
International Banking Center Regulatory Act 
Dear Mr. McDonald: 
9100 HAVENSIGHT 
SUITE 15 
ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
KFFKLAW.COM 
Enclosed please find an application for benefits as an International Banking Entity ("IBE") filed on behalf of 
Financial Strategy Group, Ltd. ("FSG"). We have reviewed the statute closely and have provided all 
information that is statutorily required in order for the application to be considered. Specifically we have 
included: 
• Proposed articles of incorporation; 
• Identity and business history of applicant/shareholders of FSG; 
• Location of principal place of business within the USVI; 
• Statement of assets and liabilities of the shareholders; 
• The identity and background of all proposed directors and officers; 
• Confirmation of statutory commitments 
• Request for waiver of the employment requirement; and 
• Draft management training plan; 
• Description of business to be undertaken by FSG. 
I have also enclosed check number 
in the amount of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), which 
represents the non-refundable application fee. 
Please contact me if you have any questions regarding the enclosed information. 
Very truly yours, 
Erika Kellerhals 
TAMPA 
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
NEW YORK 
EFTA01187889
--- PAGE 2 ---
APPENDIX 1 
Draft Articles of Incorporation 
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
FINANCIAL STRATEGY GROUP, LTD. 
We, the undersigned, for the purposes of associating to establish a corporation for the transaction of the 
business and the promotion and conduct of the objects and purposes hereinafter stated, under the 
provisions and subject to the requirements of the laws of the Virgin Islands of the United States (hereinafter 
called the "Virgin Islands"), and particularly the General Corporation Law of the Virgin Islands (Chapter 1, 
Title 13, Virgin Islands Code), as the same may be amended from time to time, do make and file these 
Articles of Incorporation in writing and do certify: 
ARTICLE I 
The name of the Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the "Corporation") is FINANCIAL STRATEGY 
GROUP, LTD. 
ARTICLE II 
The principal office of the Corporation in the Virgin Islands is located at 9100 Port of Sale Mall, Suite 15, St. 
Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, 00802 and the name of the resident agent of the Corporation is Business 
Basics VI, LLC, whose physical and mailing address is 9100 Port of Sale Mall, Suite 15, St. Thomas, U.S. 
Virgin Islands 00802. 
ARTICLE III 
Without limiting in any manner the scope and generality of the allowable functions of the Corporation, it is 
hereby provided that the Corporation shall have the following purposes, objects and powers: 
(1) To engage in any lawful business in the United States Virgin Islands. 
(2) To enter into and carry out any contracts for or in relation to the foregoing business with any person, 
firm, association, corporation, government or govemmental agency. 
(3) To conduct its business in the United States Virgin Islands and to have offices within the United States 
Virgin Islands. 
(4) To borrow or raise money to any amount permitted by law by the sale or issuance of obligations of any 
kind, to guarantee loans, other types of indebtedness and financing obligations, and to secure the foregoing 
by mortgages or other liens upon any and all of the property of every kind of the Corporation. 
EFTA01187890
--- PAGE 3 ---
(5) To do all and everything necessary, suitable and proper for the accomplishment of any of the purposes 
or the attainment of any of the objects or the exercise of any of the powers herein set forth, either alone or 
in connection with other firms, individuals, associations or corporations in the Virgin Islands and elsewhere 
in the United States and foreign countries, and to do any other acts or things incidental or appurtenant to or 
growing out of or connected with the said business, purposes, objects and powers of any part thereof not 
inconsistent with the laws of the Virgin Islands, and to exercise any and all powers now or hereafter 
conferred by law on business corporations whether expressly enumerated herein or not. 
The purposes, objects and powers specified in this Article shall not be limited or restricted by reference to 
the terms of any other subdivision or of any other article of these Articles of Incorporation. 
ARTICLE IV 
The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is One Hundred 
Thousand (100,000) shares of common stock at $1.00 par value; no preferred stock authorized. 
The minimum amount of capital with which the Corporation will commence business is One Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($100,000). 
ARTICLE V 
The names and places of residence of each of the persons forming the Corporation are as follows: 
NAME 
RESIDENCE 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Darren K. Indyke 
Jeanne Brennan 
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 
Little St. James Island. St. Thomas, VI 00802 
ARTICLE VI 
ARTICLE VII 
For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further 
creation, definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and 
stockholders, it is further provided: 
(1) 
The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed by, or in the manner provided in, 
the by-laws, but in no case shall the number be fewer than three (3) unless the Corporation 
has fewer than three shareholders. In this case the number of directors may be equal to the 
number of shareholders. The directors need not be stockholders. 
(2) 
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the Virgin Islands, 
and subject at all times to the provisions thereof, the Board of Directors is expressly 
authorized and empowered: 
EFTA01187891
--- PAGE 4 ---
(a) 
To make, adopt and amend the by-laws of the Corporation, subject to the powers of 
the stockholders to alter, repeal or modify the by-laws adopted by the Board of 
Directors. 
(b) 
To authorize and issue obligations of the Corporation, secured and unsecured, to 
include therein such provisions as to redeemability, convertibility or otherwise, as the 
Board of Directors in its sole discretion may determine, and to authorize the 
mortgaging or pledging of, and to authorize and cause to be executed mortgages and 
liens upon any property of the Corporation, real or personal, including after acquired 
property. 
(c) 
To determine whether any and, if any, what part of the net profits of the Corporation 
or of its net assets in excess of its capital shall be declared in dividends and paid to 
the stockholders, and to direct and determine the use and disposition thereof. 
(d) 
To set apart a reserve or reserves, and to abolish such reserve or reserves, or to 
make such other provisions, if any, as the Board of Directors may deem necessary or 
advisable for working capital, for additions, improvements and betterments to plant 
and equipment, for expansion of the business of the Corporation (including the 
acquisition of real and personal property for this purpose) and for any other purpose 
of the Corporation. 
(e) 
To establish bonus, profit-sharing, pension, thrift and other types of incentive, 
compensation or retirement plans for the officers and employees (including officers 
and employees who are also directors) of the Corporation, and to fix the amount of 
profits to be distributed or shared or contributed and the amounts of the Corporation's 
funds or otherwise to be devoted thereto, and to determine the persons to participate 
in any such plans and the amounts of their respective participations. 
(1) 
To issue or grant options for the purchase of shares of stock of the Corporation to 
officers and employees (including officers and employees who are also directors) of 
the Corporation and on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may from 
time to time determine. 
To enter into contracts for the management of the business of the Corporation for 
terms not exceeding five (5) years. 
To exercise all the powers of the Corporation, except such as are conferred by law, or 
by these Articles of Incorporation or by the by-laws of the Corporation upon the 
stockholders. 
To issue such classes of stock and series within any class of stock with such value 
and voting powers and with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, 
optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as 
is stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted 
by the Board of Directors and duly filed with the office of the Lt. Govemor of the Virgin 
Islands in accordance with Sections 91 and 97, Chapter 13, Virgin Islands Code, as 
the same may be amended from time to time. 
EFTA01187892
--- PAGE 5 ---
ARTICLE VIII 
No stockholder shall sell, convey, assign or otherwise transfer any of his or her shares of stock without first 
offering the same to the Corporation at the lowest price at which the stockholder is willing to dispose of the 
same; and the Corporation shall have thirty (30) days within which to accept same; the Corporation shall 
notify the stockholder of its election in writing. If accepted by the Corporation, the stockholder shall 
promptly assign the shares of stock to the Corporation, and the Corporation shall promptly pay therefor. If 
the Corporation rejects the offer, then the stockholder shall offer the stock to the remaining stockholders 
under the same terms as offered to the Corporation; and the remaining stockholders shall have thirty (30) 
days within which to collectively or individually accept the same in writing. If the remaining stockholders 
reject the offer, then the stockholder shall have the right to sell the stock at the same or a greater price than 
that at which it was offered to the Corporation. If the stockholder shall desire to sell the stock at a lesser 
price than that originally quoted to the Corporation, the stockholder must then repeat the process of offering 
the stock for sale to the Corporation and the stockholders in turn. Shares of stock in this Corporation shall 
not be transferred or sold until the sale or transfer has been reported to the Board of Directors and 
approved by them. 
No stockholder shall pledge as collateral for indebtedness any shares of stock without first obtaining the 
written consent of a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
ARTICLE IX 
At all elections of directors, each stockholder shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of 
votes that (except for such provision as to cumulative voting) the stockholder would be entitled to cast for 
the election of directors with respect to his or her shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be 
elected. The stockholder may cast all votes for a single director or distribute them among any two or more 
of them as he or she may see fit. At least ten (10) days notice shall be given, however the shareholders are 
entitled to waive notice of the meeting as provided by law. Furthermore, the meeting and vote of 
stockholders may be dispensed with, if all of the stockholders who would have been entitled to vote upon 
the action if such meeting were held, shall consent in writing to such corporate action being taken. 
ARTICLE X 
Subject to the provisions of Section 71, Title 13, Virgin Islands Code, the Corporation may enter into 
contracts or otherwise transact business with one or more of its directors or officers, or with any firm or 
association of which one or more of its directors or officers are members or employees, or with any other 
corporation or association of which one or more of its directors or officers are stockholders, directors, 
officers, or employees, and no such contract or transaction shall be invalidated or in any way affected by the 
fact that such director or directors or officer or officers have or may have interests therein that are or might 
be adverse to the interests of the Corporation even though the vote of the director or directors having such 
adverse interest is necessary to obligate the Corporation on such contract or transaction, provided that in 
any such case the fact of such interest shall be disclosed or known to the directors or stockholders acting 
on or in reference to such contract or transaction. No director or directors or officer or officers having such 
disclosed or known adverse interest shall be liable to the Corporation or to any stockholder or creditor 
thereof or to any other person for any loss incurred by it under or by reason of any such contract or 
transaction, nor shall any such director or directors or officer or officers be accountable for any gains or 
EFTA01187893
--- PAGE 6 ---
profits realized thereon. The provisions of this Article shall not be construed to invalidate or in any way 
affect any contract or transaction that would otherwise be valid under law. 
ARTICLE XI 
(a) 
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a 
party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, 
administrative, or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason 
of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is 
or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of 
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against expenses 
(including attorney's fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and 
reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding if: 
(1) 
he or she acted 
(A) 
in good faith and 
(B) 
in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the 
best interests of the Corporation; and 
(2) 
with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, he or she had no 
reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. 
The termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment order, settlement, conviction, or 
upon a plea of nob contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the 
person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or 
not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
(b) 
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a 
party to any threatened, pending, or completed action or suit by or in the right of the officer, 
employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the venture, trust, or 
other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by 
him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he or she acted: 
(1) 
in good faith; and 
(2) 
in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the 
best interests of the Corporation. 
However, no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue, or matter as to which 
such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the 
performance of his or her duty to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in 
which such action or suit is brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication 
of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably 
entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the court shall deem proper. 
(c) 
To the extent that a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation has been successful on 
the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit, or proceeding referred to in subparagraphs 
(a) and (b), or in defense of any claim, issue, or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified 
EFTA01187894
--- PAGE 7 ---
against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in 
connection therewith. 
(d) 
Any indemnification under subparagraphs (a) and (b) (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by 
the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that he or she had 
met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subparagraphs (a) and (b). Such determination 
shall be made: 
(1) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not 
parties to such action, suit, or proceeding; or 
(2) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors 
so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or 
(3) by the stockholders. 
(e) 
Expenses incurred in defeating a civil or criminal action, suit, or proceeding may be paid by the 
Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit, or proceeding as authorized by 
the board of directors in the specific case upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the 
director, officer, employee, or agent to repay such amounts unless it shall ultimately be 
determined that he or she is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this 
article. 
(f) The indemnification provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to 
which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of 
stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity 
and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person 
who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the 
heirs, executors, and administrators of such person. 
(g) 
The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person 
who is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the 
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her 
and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, 
whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability 
under the provisions of this Article. 
ARTICLE XII 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter or repeal any of the provisions of these Articles of 
Incorporation and to add or insert other provisions authorized by the laws of the Virgin Islands in the manner 
and at the time prescribed by said laws, and all rights at any time conferred upon the Board of Directors and 
the stockholders by these Articles of Incorporation are granted subject to the provisions of this Article. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto subscribed our names this 
day of January, 2013. 
EFTA01187895
--- PAGE 8 ---
Jeffrey E. Epstein, Incorporator 
Darren K. lndyke, Incorporator 
Jeanne Brennan, Incorporator 
TERRITORY OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS) 
DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 
day of January, 2013, by Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, Darren K. Indyke, and Jeanne Brennan. 
Notary Public 
EFTA01187896
--- PAGE 9 ---
APPENDIX 2 
Identity and Business History of Applicants 
Jeffrey E. Epstein is the initial investor in FSG. 
Identifying Information: 
Address: 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B-3, St. Thomas, VI 00802 
TIN: 
Date of Birth: 
Business History of Applicant: 
Mr. Epstein's was educated at The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, before beginning 
his business career in 1976 at Bear Stearns & Company. He subsequently started his own financial 
consulting firm in 1981, which he eventually brought to the U.S. Virgin Islands in 1999, when he opened 
Financial Trust Company, Inc. ("FTC"). Mr. Epstein is the Chairman, President and sole shareholder of FTC, 
a financial consulting firm that has been an EDC beneficiary for the past 13 years. In addition to his and 
FTC's significant contributions to the U.S. Virgin Islands economy over the past 12 years, Mr. Epstein, FTC 
and the philanthropic foundation he funded and organized have given over $2.3 million to U.S. Virgin 
Islands charitable interests, including $1.1 Million to educational pursuits, and scholarship and enrichment 
programs, and approximately $650,000 to local U.S. Virgin Islands charities and U.S. Virgin Islands youth 
sporting organizations. His foundation has continued to provide opportunities for scientific and technological 
exploration and development in the U.S. Virgin Islands by sponsoring several scientific symposiums in the 
U.S. Virgin Islands enabling local interaction among Nobel Laureates and faculty, postdoctoral researchers, 
graduate and undergraduate students, educators and the public. 
Mr. Epstein is universally renowned for his complex mathematics skills and is an experienced entrepreneur 
who has built several highly profitable companies. He has successfully transferred these abilities to the 
world of high finance, having been one of the pioneers of derivative and option-based investing. He looks 
now to shift his focus to the dynamic discipline of biomedical and financial analysis. His relationships in the 
upper echelon of research and academia and advanced knowledge of both science and mathematics will 
enable the Applicant to thrive in this technology-based environment. 
Mr. Epstein has been a Trustee of Institute of International Education Inc. since October 2001. Mr. Epstein 
is a Member of the Trilateral Commission, the Council on Foreign Relations, the New York Academy of 
Science and a former Rockefeller University Board Member. Mr. Epstein is also actively involved in the 
Santa Fe Institute, the Theoretical Biology Initiative at the Institute for Advanced Study, the Quantum 
Gravity Program at the University of Pennsylvania, and also sits on the Mind, Brain & Behavior Advisory 
Committee at Harvard. He is a member of the Edge community, an internationally respected group of 
thinkers and achievers. 
EFTA01187897
--- PAGE 10 ---
APPENDIX 3 
Principal Place of Business In USVI 
FSG has not yet determined where it will be located, however it is anticipated that it will need approximately 
500 - 1,000 square feet of space. 
EFTA01187898
--- PAGE 11 ---
APPENDIX 4 
Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
EFTA01187899
--- PAGE 12 ---
APPENDIX 5 
Directors And Officers 
[need list] 
EFTA01187900
--- PAGE 13 ---
APPENDIX 6 
Statutory Commitments 
FSG commits to the following statutory requirements as required by Title 9, chapter 25, §738. 
• To expend a minimum of FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($50,000.00), exclusive of inventory, in the 
business related to banking; 
• To comply with all federal and local laws; 
• To employ or contract with Virgin Islands businesses and residents to the extent available; 
• To notify the Department of Labor as to the availability of employment; 
• To purchase insurance locally to the extent available; 
• To provide educational assistance to residents of the U.S. Virgin Islands through the J. Epstein 
Virgin Islands Foundation a/k/a Enhanced Education in the form of an annual Ten Thousand Dollar 
($10,000.00) donation to the Virgin Islands Board of Education to fund scholarships in accordance 
with §736(c). 
EFTA01187901
--- PAGE 14 ---
APPENDIX 7 
Waiver 
Title 9, chapter 35, §727(a) requires FSG to employ three persons on a full-time basis at its main office. 
Section 738 requires that FSG hire one additional employee for every $1,000,000 of net income prior to 
salaries. Pursuant to §727(a) however, the Director has the ability to waive this requirement and authorize 
a lesser number of employees. 
FSG respectfully requests that the requirement that FSG hire one additional employee for every $1,000,000 
of net income be waived. This requirement should be waived due to the fact that the activities to be 
undertaken by FSG, although they may be profitable, are not labor intensive. This is especially true during 
the "ramping up" period when FSG is determining which portions of its proposed business will be the most 
profitable. [insert additional language] 
EFTA01187902
--- PAGE 15 ---
APPENDIX 8 
Management Training Plan 
Cecile — can you please revamp the STC management training plan or the FTC plan for submission. 
EFTA01187903
--- PAGE 16 ---
APPENDIX 9 
Type of Business to be Undertaken 
To be inserted by EAK. 
EFTA01187904

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187905.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Match Donation Application for Dr. Kaplan 
Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 14:48:16 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313010817010.pdf 
Was it ok to send this application in for Dr. Kaplan? On page 2 there is a question which asks "Have you or your 
foundation made any previous philanthropic contributions to a Jewish day school?"...I have answered NO...This 
application must be sent in by the 15th. 
Is it ok for me to forward the application to the Match people? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: Januar 8, 2013 4:01:10 PM EST 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01187905

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187906.pdf
----------------------------------------
MATCH - Donor Application 
To be completed by the donor, on-line. Donors will receive a unique link to access their online 
application after the school submits an on-line gift application via the MATCH Application 
Dashboard. 
Required questions are indicated with a red asterisk (*) 
Donor and Gift Information 
*Name: 
Se F-2 
'Contact Email: 
'Daytime Phone Number: 
*Address (complete mailing address): 
Y. 14 e.)-1-O1\1 AVc= 44-T}T 
I AI V 
(OCOD-
-
Name of Second Donor (Spouse I Significant Other): 
Organization / Foundation Affiliation: CI4H Apo a 
ET) (i.CAMT NI
Gift Information 
Name of Jewish Day School Your Gift Will Support:  \ )GiS H VA Ti Reg EThi Pt OS FI-0 
'Total Gift Amount (SUS): 
4F95-; °co_ Co 
Why do you want to support this organization through MATCH?  t A 
RA PP C7.7.3se--b
VI 'IA 
Cu 11., -)EG.)-1 I I-I AV C-  
irg 
-m-c 
\A. 
*What are you supporting with this grant? 
x/General Organization Support 
Program Expenses 
Other — Please Specify:  
EFTA01187906
--- PAGE 2 ---
*Is this grant in support of a specific program? 
Yes 
  No 
"How are you involved with this specific day school? Please check ALL that apply: 
  Local community member 
Member of day school's board 
Past member of day school's board 
Alumna / Alumnus of day school 
Child / Children currently attend day school 
Child / Children are alumni of day school 
Grandchild / Grandchildren currently attend day school 
Grandchild / Grandchildren are alumni of day school 
Other — Please provide a brief description of your relationship to the day school: 
Previous Philanthropic Contributions 
*Have you or your spouse made any previous philanthropic contributions to a Jewish day school? 
(Foundations: has your foundation made any previous philanthropic contributions to a Jewish day 
school?) 
Yes 
v"  No 
If you answer "yes" to the question above, please provide information about your largest previous gift in 
the spaces below. PLEASE NOTE: For eligibility purposes, your largest previous gift is your largest 
previous individual gift or pledge, or the largest cumulative amount of giving to Jewish day schools in a 
fiscal year. Past pledges to a Jewish day school that were paid as multi-year grants will be considered as 
the sum total of the pledge and not the amount of the grant paid in each year. 
Tell us about the Largest Previous Gift, made by you or your spouse or your Foundation, to a Jewish Day 
School in the Past 10 Years in $US. 
Amount: 
$ 
Name of Recipient Organization, School or Project: 
Date of Gift: 
Recipient Organization's Contact Person: 
EFTA01187907
--- PAGE 3 ---
Name:  
Phone:  
Email:  
Please list all other gifts to Jewish day schools made by either you, your spouse or your Foundation in 
the past 10 years. Include the name of the organization, gift date and total gift amount. Include the type 
of gift where application (e.g. Shalom Day School, June 2010, $5,000, Annual Campaign). 
Grant Eligibility Criteria 
"I am/ We are not the parent(s) of a current Jewish day school student at ANY Jewish day school. 
t.VI am / we are not the parent(s) of a current Jewish day school student. 
I am / we are the parent(s) of a current Jewish day school student. 
*is this your and your spouse's or your Foundation's first gift to a Jewish day school in the past 10 years? 
i/
 Yes, this is my/our first gift to a Jewish day school in the past 10 years. 
No I / we have given a gift to a Jewish day school in the past 10 years. 
I / We answered "No" above and my/our new gift of $10,000 or more is at least a five times increase 
from my/our largest previous gift to a Jewish day school in the past 10 years. 
Yes 
No 
'The largest previous gift to a Jewish day school in the past 10 years is calculated based upon the door's 
largest previous individual gift OR the largest cumulative amount of giving to Jewish day schools in a 
fiscal year; whichever amount is higher. Past pledges to a Jewish day school that were paid as multi-year 
gifts will be considered as the sum of the total of the pledge and not the amount of the gift paid in each 
year. Did you calculate your new gift according to these guidelines? 
Yes 
EFTA01187908
--- PAGE 4 ---
No 
V  Not applicable, first time gift to a Jewish day school 
'Will your gift be used only for general operating support or program expenses? 
vt/  Yes 
No 
'Will your gift be used for an endowment or capital campaign? 
Yes 
v,   No 
'1/ We will not receive any tuition benefits from this gift. 
v./  Yes, I / we will not receive any tuition benefits from this gift. 
No, 1/we will receive tuition benefits from this gift. 
Additional Donor Information 
Please identify your age group: 
and below 
41.65 
Over 65 
"Have you considered making a grant of US $10,000 to a Jewish day school before now? 
Yes 
tV No 
"How significant is MATCH in your decision to make a gift now? 
v /  Very Significant 
Significant 
Neutral 
Somewhat Significant 
Not at all Significant 
Do you have experience funding Jewish causes other than day school education? 
Yes — please specify: 
No 
Please indicate your annual level of philanthropic giving, both Jewish and non-Jewish. 
Total annual amount to all charities: $ 
Are there additional causes that you are interested in funding that you have not yet or not recently 
supported? 
EFTA01187909
--- PAGE 5 ---
Yes — Please Specify: 
No 
'Would you be willing to share information with us about your MATCH funding experience for use in our 
publicity materials? 
Yes 

 No 
'How did you learn about MATCH? 
,✓ Personal Contact 
Development Professional 
PEJE Website 
JEN Website 
JFN Mailing 
Other — Please Specify: 
Are you currently a member of the Jewish Funders Network (ON)? 
Yes 
No 
Terms and Conditions 
Grant eligibility will be determined according to amount and payments in US$. Matching funds will be 
calculated according to the currency exchange rate valid on August 1, 2012. Matching grants are only 
available for gifts payable to a Jewish day school between August 1, 2012 and May 15, 2013. Matching 
grants are available only for a minimum gift of U.S. $10,000 and will be matched to a maximum of U.S. 
$50,000. 
Gifts must be cash (checks or wire transfers) or transfers of publicly traded stock. Illiquid stocks, 
annuities, Israel Bonds, or other slowly maturing instruments are not allowed. Gifts that are made in the 
form of tangible goods such as Torah scrolls, land, computer equipment or any other items given in 
place of cash or stock can not be matched. 
Completed applications must be submitted no later than 5:00 pm EST, Tuesday, January 15, 2013. 
Submission of an application prior to the deadline does NOT guarantee matching funds. 
All applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis starting October 15, 2012 by a committee comprised 
of MATCH representatives and all decisions will be at their sole discretion. The determination of MATCH 
shall be final, binding and conclusive as to all questions and decisions of eligibility and grants. 
Matching grants will be paid once donors and schools are notified of the award and payment of the 
approved gift by the donor to the school is verified. MATCH requires a copy of a canceled check, the 
wire receipt for the amount of the gift or other proof deemed satisfactory by MATCH for payment 
verification purposes. Matching funds will not be issued unless proper gift documentation is on file. 
Please review the complete MATCH Payment Verification Procedures.
MATCH, its Funders, JEN and PEJE do not make any statement or representation as to the tax 
consequences of the receipt by a Grantee of any award, grant or funds from the program. Donors and 
EFTA01187910
--- PAGE 6 ---
prospective donors should consult their own tax, accounting and legal advisers regarding the tax or 
other treatment of matching grants. 
*The terms and conditions and availability of MATCH Matching Grants are subject to change and/or 
termination at any time. 
I have read, understand and agree to all of the Terms and Conditions of MATCH, the Jewish Day 
School Matching Grants Initiative as set forth by MATCH. 
Yes, I/we agree to the terms and conditions of MATCH. 
No, I/we do not agree to the terms and conditions of MATCH. 
Once this on-line portion is complete, the donor must download, print out, sign, and 
return to JFN the Donor Eligibility Statement. 
EFTA01187911

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187912.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187912

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187913.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO <MMIIIIMa> 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: Eye on the Market, January 23, 2013 
Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2013 01:34:18 +0000 
Attachments: 01-23-2013_-_EOTM_-_True_Confessions.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.png; image004.png; image005.png; image006.jpg 
Eye on the Market, January 23, 2013 
Topics: market and economic update, and the latest televised confession 
Market update. We released our 2013 Outlook on January 2nd; please contact your J.P. Morgan team for an electronic or 
printed copy. Since that time, more of the same: 
• 
Reflation. Equity volatility has fallen to pm-crisis lows as central banks drive up financial markets via ultra-low 
interest rates, hoping for whatever trickle-down effect they can get in the economy. Piles of cash held by pensions, 
endowments, central banks, individuals, etc, are looking for return, and on the march. While earnings growth is slowing, 
equity valuations are not stretched in an historical context. Expect another year of markets outperforming what growth 
alone would imply. 
• 
US growth is running at —2%. Income, consumption, housing and capital spending were improving at year-end. 
Higher income tax rates and the end of the payroll tax holiday will probably slow growth for a quarter or two before a 
modest rebound later in the year. Q4 S&P profits are coming in better than lowered expectations, and 2013 estimates are 
stabilizing at 10% y/y. 
• 
China's economy has been improving (production, demand, trade, housing, capital spending), reinforcing 
consensus growth expectations of 8% . In the rest of emerging Asia, exports and production are rising gradaully after last 
year's slowdown 
• 
In a schizophrenic Europe, economic data is still weak while capital markets keep improving. German growth 
stalled, the % of employed Italian men hit a new all-time low of 66%, and Spain's unemployment rate is about to pass 
Greece. Employment is usually a lagging indicator, but forward-looking surveys for Italy and Spain don't look good 
either. However, deposit outflows have stabilized, Spanish bond yields keep declining and European HY spreads are back 
to pre-crisis levels, all based on the view that the ECB (firmly in Italian hands) will print money and bail everyone out. 
France passed legislation to introduce more flexibility into labor markets, but they've got a long way to go to close the 
unemployment and export gap with Germany. 
• 
Japan edges closer to a formal money-printing exercise of its own as the global currency wars continue. This 
week's announcement fell short of the Big Bang, but was made by lame duck members of the BoJ who are on their way 
out; expect to hear more in April. Something tells me Europe may be the export loser as the Euro appreciates against the 
Yen. 
True Confessions. Televised confessions make for fascinating viewing. Below is a transcript of Federal Reserve 
Chairman Ben Bernanke ("Chairman") on The Zeppo Showfal . This imagined exchange is our way of surfacing the 
debates and risks around the Fed's balance sheet and possible exit strategies, a universal question that we get from most of 
our clients. 
Zeppo: 
"Thank you for coming on the program. What brings you on the show today?" 
Chairman: 
"I have a confession to make. For the last few years, I have been injecting the US economy with steroids in 
the form of Central Bank asset purchases. While at times FOMC members obscure it, the primary goal of this exercise is to 
drive up financial asset prices, make holders of such assets feel wealthier, more confident, and spend more money than 
their current income affords. Increased spending should lead to higher incomes and profits that, in a virtuous circle, will 
further support economic expansion. Lower corporate bond rates also encourage investment, and eventually, hiring." [b] 
Zeppo: 
"Thank you for being so frank with us, I know it must be hard. I have to ask, how is that different from the 
much-derided supply side arguments of the 1980s, referred to as trickle-down economics?" 
Chairman: 
"No comment on that. The FOMC is doing what it thinks is best for the US economy using the tools at its 
disposal which as our mandate states, is to make progress toward maximum employment and price stability." 
EFTA01187913
--- PAGE 2 ---
Zeppo: "Let's look at the asset purchases. The Fed has undoubtedly been successful in driving up equity markets compared 
to prior cycles. The pass-through to growth and employment is not showing that much progress yet; is it too early to 
judge?" 
Equity markets (S&P 500) 
Real GDP 
Index, cycle trough=100 
Index. cycle trough =100 
175- 
124 
A 
150 - 
• 
Current cycle 
118 
125
112 
Prior
100 • 
cycles' 
106 
ktonthsfrom trough 
Quarters from trough 
Source: BEA, BLS, Haver Analytics, NBER. 
Me denotes median and band denotes range. 
Chairman: 
"I think so. Without asset purchases, employment would probably be worse. Data suggests that cyclical 
rather than structural factors are the primary source of increased unemployment. If that is correct, accommodative 
monetary policy to support the recovery should help. We must watch long-term unemployment: even if the primary cause 
is insufficient demand, if progress in reducing unemployment is too slow, the long-term unemployed will see their skills 
and labor force attachment atrophy further, possibly converting a cyclical problem into a structural one. Another concern is 
generational. Over three million jobs have been created since 2009. However, jobs for those over age 55 have risen by 4 
million, while workers from 16-54 have been net losers of 0.6mm jobs. A couple of other statistics on labor markets to 
show why the Fed is addressing this component of its mandate with so much vigor: the unemployment rate when including 
discouraged workers and people working part-time for economic reasons is over 14%." 
• 
. 
. 
100 
Prior cycles' 
Private nonfarm payrolls 
Index, cycle trough=100 
118 - 
113 
108 
103 
Monthsfrom trough 
Unemployment 
Percent 
- 
- 
- 
rates by duration of unemployment 
Cumulative 
July 2009 
4,000 - 
3000 -
change in number of people employed since 
by age group, Thousand 
and over 
- 
- 
2.000 - 
1.000 - 20-24 years 
••• 
Total 
27+ weeks 
• 
- 
15-26 weeks 
o - 
••• 
- 
5-14 weeks 
S 
Ni 0%, I 
I 
Less than 5 weeks 
25.54 years 
16.19 years 
2004 
2006 
2010 
2012 
Jul 09 Jan-10 Jul-10 Jan-11 Jul.11 Jan-12 Jul-12 
Source:BLS. J MAK 
Source Bureauotlabor Statistics 
Zeppo: "Even so, there is some controversy about the long-term impact of central banks influencing markets. I remember 
an article that Jeremy Grantham wrote a couple of years ago around Halloween entitled, 'Night of the Living Fed: The 
Ruinous Cost of Fed Manipulation of Asset Prices'. He referred to the negative consequences of misallocation of capital, 
unproductive speculation, the risk of currency-related conflicts, and the corrosive impact of repeated boom-bust cycles over 
time. The housing boom-bust, partially fueled by a 1% Fed Funds rate in the early 2000's, is just one example." 
Chairman: 
"I can't say that I've read it. No question, the Fed did not cover itself with glory in assessing the risks of 
the housing and subprime problems during the prior credit cycle. However, there are costs to every policy decision; the 
question one has to answer is whether the benefits outweigh the risks in the long run." 
Zeppo: "Let's talk about those risks for a minute. Why are you not worried about the inflationary consequences of easy 
monetary policy and the size of the Fed's balance sheet?" 
Chairman: 
"Current inflation measures are benign, and more importantly, there is a large negative output gap. By this I 
am referring to estimates by the Congressional Budget Office that effectively measure the amount of spare capacity in the 
US economy, and how much the economy could grow before generating inflationary pressure. As you can see, the negative 
output gap is large, unlike periods in the mid 1970's when there was a positive output gap and easy monetary policy, which 
EFTA01187914
--- PAGE 3 ---
when combined with an oil price shock and protectionist labor markets, led to inflation. Circumstances are quite different 
today." 
US inflation 
Percentchange. YoY 
6% 
5% 
4% 
3% 
2% 
1% 
0% 
-1% 
-2% 
-3% 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 
Source. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
2010 2011 2012 
0% 
25% 
0% 
15% 
10% 
US output gap 
Percent of potential GDP 
8% 
6% 
as 
2% 
0% 
-2% 
-4% 
-6% 
-6% 
5% -10% 
1965 1970 1975 1980 1985 
Sane Cowes:amylBudgetOra 
1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 
Zeppo: "I hear you, but James Bullard, an FOMC member from the St. Louis Fed, is a critic of output gaps and thinks the 
US version might not be that negative. He cites unresolved gap measurement issues and shaky empirical relationships. He 
also believes that positive output gaps outside the US are important to look at as contributors to US inflation dynamics." 
Chairman: 
"The FOMC is not relying just on output gap estimates. There is a healthy debate at the FOMC about these 
issues, which we continue to monitor. By the way, are you sure that your viewers are really interested in stuff like this?" 
Zeppo: 
"I sure hope so, since we cancelled Otis the Sky-Diving Dog to book you. Let's get back to it. Some Fed 
watchers also note that while QE I and QE2 were adopted when inflation expectations were falling, the more recent Fed 
actions have taken place when they were stable. In other words, despite the disappearance of deflation risk when looking at 
what is priced into TIPS markets. That's what the chart below shows." 
Chairman: 
"To reiterate, the employment situation is taking a front seat for a while given Fed concerns about structural 
unemployment risks. At the current time, our thinking is that Fed asset purchases would stop if core inflation rose 
persisently above 2.5%, or if unemployment fell below 6.5%. Or if Texas Governor Rick Perry says its OK (just kidding)." 
Fed policies and inflation expectations 
US5-yearbreakeven TIPS inflation rate percent 
3.0% 
2.5% 
OE1 announced 
1.0% 
0.5% 
2.0% 
1.5% 
0.0% 
0.5% 
Rate guidance: 
mid-2013 
1.0% 
Jan-08 
Jan-09 
Jan-10 
Source: Bloomberg. GaveKel. 
QEForever 
Announced 
Twist 2 
Rate guidance: 
mid-2014 
Jan-11 
Jan-12 
Excess reserves held by banks at the Fed 
Trilions. USID 
1.8 
1.6 
1A -
12-
1.0 
0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0  
•
Jan-13 
1999 
2001 
2003 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
Source:FederelReserveSoard. 
Zeppo: "Even if we assume that inflation stays low, assuming that the US is not Japan, eventually the output gap chart will 
close, and it will be time to withdraw some of the liquidity that has been created. How complicated do you think that will 
be? Here's a chart on excess reserves in the US banking system. As you know, these balances are not a result of 'bank 
hoarding' or 'miserly bank lending standards', but a direct byproduct of the excess reserves created by the Fed to pay for 
Treasury and Agency bonds it purchased during its balance sheet operations. By next summer, excess reserves could top S2 
trillion." 
Chairman: 
"There are a variety of mechanisms the FOMC can use when the time comes. One approach that the Fed 
has written about conducts monetary policy through the rate paid on these excess reserves, such that this rate becomes a 
proxy for the cost of money which the Fed can raise or lower as it sees fit. We would raise it in the scenario you mention." 
EFTA01187915
--- PAGE 4 ---
Zeppo: "That sounds plausible, but what happens when/if interest rates have to be raised to a level above the Fed's income 
on the Treasury and Agency securities that it holds? The first consequence would be a reduction in the positive carry 
subsidy that the Fed has been paying to the US Treasury, and as interest rates rise further, eventually the Fed would be in a 
negative carry situation. What then? Would the Fed sell gold so as not to have to go to Congress to be recapitalized?" 
Chairman: 
"You are talking about a string of hypotheticals that are a long way away from today, at which time the 
FOMC will evaluate its range of options, including asset sales and repo operations. That is a bridge we can cross when we 
get there." 
Zeppo: "Ok, I don't want to get too exercised about this...maybe I should stop reading Charles Plosser, president of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. He has been giving interviews in which he wonders about the speed by which 
interest rates would have to be raised on excess reserves to prevent undesired lending to an overheating economy, the 
limited experience that the Fed has with this approach, and what the next steps would be if it did not work as expected. 
Some of his comments verge on the hysterical, and by that I mean `concerned' rather than `funny'." 
Chairman: 
"There are a wide range of opinions on this issue, and Charlie's views are part of that spectrum. I have said 
in the past that we will continue to reevaluate the costs and benefits of these activities, and adjust them as necessary. I 
should also point out that there is a large consensus on the Federal Open Market Committee for the steps the Fed is taking, 
and for exploring the concept of paying interest on excess reserves as an exit strategy." 
Zeppo: "Let me ask about the independence of the Fed. There is some speculation that another reason for ultra-low interest 
rates is that the Fed has been co-opted into helping the Treasury deal with its deficit. In the last chart, we plot the CBO's 
Baseline debt/GDP scenario, the one that assumes that the budget sequester will go through as planned. And in response to 
one of our viewer questions, we also show what the debt/gdp outlook would look under two assumptions: what if the US 
had not fought wars in Iraq or Afghanistan, and what if the mortgage interest deduction were completely eliminated by 
2022? In other words, let's examine a scenario in which the US focuses its balance sheet on those most in need, rather 
than on military adventurism or middle class entitlements. As you can see, the debt problem remains pretty high by any 
historical standard. Is financing the deficit a third mandate for the Fed now, and why it is forcing down interest rates?" 
US net debt to GDP 
Percent 
90°.) 
80% 
50% 
40% 
It the Iraq and 
Afghan Wars were 
not fought: savings 
of 1380bnto date 
C80 Baseline Case 
• •o
• 
00000 
• 
30% 
. 
. 
. 
. 
2000 
2003 
2006 
2009 
2012 
2015 
2018 
2021 
Solite: Congressional Budget Office.Jo int Cormitte on Taxation. 
Congressional Research Service. JPMALI. 
0000000 
• 
Baseline case minus 
War and with gradual 
elimination of the 
mortgage Interest 
deduction by 2022 as 
rJCT 
Chairman: 
"Absolutely not. The FOMC remains committed to its dual mandate on inflation and price stability. When 
the time comes to remove the monetary accommodation, we will do it, and not repeat the mistakes of the 1970's. Who 
wants to be remembered like Arthur Burns?" 
Zeppo: "One last question. Both you and Bill Dudley have mentioned concerns about mortgage spreads to homebuyers not 
declining as fast as spreads on mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae, for example. The Fed presented a paper 
at a recent conference that stated that mortgage originators were `enjoying pricing power on some borrowers looking to 
refinance'. Have you read a recent note from the American Enterprise Institute on the subject? Fannie and Freddie 
mispriced credit risk during the housing bubble, and so in 2011, Congress ordered the Federal Housing Finance Agency to 
ensure that GSE guarantee fees 'appropriately reflect the risk of loss, as well as the cost of capital allocated to similar 
assets held by other fully private regulated financial institutions.' As a result, guarantee fees increased from 22 basis points 
per year in 2003-2006 to 54 basis points today. The piece also points out that increased regulations add substantial time and 
expense to the loan origination process (Dodd-Frank is 11,000 pages so far, and only 34% complete), such that of the 
above-referenced gap, government actions account for about 80% of the increase." 
EFTA01187916
--- PAGE 5 ---
Chairman: 
"Was there a question in there? Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this discussion, I have 
another meeting to attend." 
End of interview 
To reiterate, this is an entirely fictional exercise. The Fed Chairman's comments above are a mélange of some of his 
actual statements and writings, my interpretation and conjecture of what he might say, and pure contrivance. It is 
my crude way of bringing the policy options to life for clients. The long-term consequences of Fed manipulation of 
asset prices is an issue that concerns me. We are already seeing extreme levels of optimism in some credit markets (e.g., 
100-year Mexican dollar-denominated bond issued in 2010 at a 6% yield that now yields 4.8%, US HY index yield-to-
worst below 6%), and valuations on some dividend-paying stocks may have gone past where fundamentals alone would 
bring them. However, overall S&P 500 equity valuations are fair at 13.5x earnings, and nowhere near the peaks of prior 
cycles. Household and corporate cash balances, and the surplus of deposits over loan growth in the US banking system, 
suggest an excess of caution rather than an excess of exuberance, so the overall picture is mixed on this front. If earnings 
keep rising with an expansion and both household and corporate leverage remain modest, the risks of a private sector 
disruption appear low. 
The key issue is the output gap estimate: if it is anywhere close to correct, the US is at least a couple of years away 
from a day of reckoning on substantial monetary tightening. While Fed asset purchases may end in 2013, policy rates 
are unlikely to be raised for a long time; markets currently expect Fed Funds rates to remain below 1% through December 
2015 and possibly longer. If that's the case, financial markets are likely to meet our modest forecasts for 2013, particularly 
with reduced chances of a disruptive Congressional battle over the debt ceiling. If I am wrong about near-term US 
inflation risks, then everything changes. Will the Fed's exit strategy work as planned when the time comes? Given the 
unorthodoxy of the experiment, there is no way to know in advance. The verdict will only be rendered after policies return 
to normal one day. We are in the part of the cycle where the steroids are working, the pain is dulled, and there are 
few signs of organ damage in sight. 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
[a] This is of course a completely fictional account of a conversation that never happened. There is no Zeppo Show as far 
as I know. 
[b] Read Bemanke's Washington Post editorial from November 4, 2010 for an explanation of asset purchases in his own 
words. 
[c]"Global Output Gaps: Wave of the Future?", James Bullard, President and CEO, FRB-St. Louis, Monetary Policy in a 
Global Setting: China and the United States, 28 March 2012, Beijing China 
[d] "The Rising Gap Between Primary and Secondary Mortgage Rates"; Federal Reserve Banks of New York and Boston, 
November 2012. 
On the Fed Balance Sheet: the mechanics of the Fed balance sheet and its monetary policy operations are quite 
complicated. You can find a lot of press articles on the subject, but more often than not, they make over-simplifying 
assumptions that are at times not accurate. My two preferred (and impeccable) sources on the subject are Michael Feroli at 
J.P. Morgan Securities, and William Denyer at Gavekal Research. To be clear, they are not in any way responsible for the 
imagined interview shown above, and my guess is that Feroli would have written it differently (e.g., he probably would 
have expressed less doubt/concern about the long-term cost-benefit of the Fed's balance sheet expansion). 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tar advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax molten 
contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. ofany of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose ofavoiding U.S. tax-
related penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general market commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cembalest and may differ from those of other 
J.P. Morgan employees and affiliates. This in/alma:ion in no way constitutes J.P. Morgan research and should not be treated as such. Further: the views expressed herein 
may differ from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports The above summary/prices/quotes/statistics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable, but 
he do not guarantee their accuracy or completeness, any yield referenced is indicative and suhjecr to change. Past performance is not a guarantee offuture results. 
References to the performance or character of our portfolios generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. It is a proxy for client 
performance and may not represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed 
accounts depending on the unique objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for specific activities. Bank. trust and invesonent 
management services are provided by JP Morgan Chase Bank. MA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC OPMS1, Member NYSE, 
FINRA and SIPC, and its affiliates globally as local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC,: an, nor deposits or other obligation of its bank or thrill affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates: and are subject 
to investment risks. including possible /au of the principal invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with your J.P. Morgan 
Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not intended as an offer or. olicitation for the purchase or sale ofany financial instrument. Private 
Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may increase the risk of investment lass can be highly illiquid, are not required ro provide 
EFTA01187917
--- PAGE 6 ---
periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tax annum and delays in distributing important tax information. Typically such investment ideas 
can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which fully describes all terms, conditions, and risks. High yield bonds are 
speculative non-inwsnnent grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit events which are appropriate for high-risk investors only lineaments in 
commodities early greater volatility than investments in traditional. ecurities. There are additional risks associated with international investing and may not be suitable 
for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is not rendering accounting, legal or tax advice. You. hould consult with your 
independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC member NYSE, FINRA and 
SIPC and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom, this material is approved by J.P Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMIB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf. 
London Elf 5JP, registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority In addition. this material may be distributed 
by: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch, which is regulated by the French banking authorities fluorite de Contrele Prudentiel and 'fluorite des Marches 
Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA, regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority; JPMCB Bahrain branch, licensed as a conventional wholesale bank 
by the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch. regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority 
In Hong Kong, this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPAICB Singapore 
branch and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed 
by J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) li mited (JPMSAPL). Both JPAICB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore, this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPAICB Singapore branch and where this material 
relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private fluids such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. Morgan (SEA.) 
Limited (1PAISEAL). Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America, the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer 
or. olicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person, without limitation, the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials 
relate to a US income or franchise tar strategy provided to such recipient by JPItorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the 
information contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and services, please contact your J.P Morgan private banking representative. Additional 
information iv available upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for JP.Worgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may 
not be reproduced or circulated without J.P. Morgan's authority. 02013 JPMargan Chase & Co. All rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of 
information. viruses, confidentialitty, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.comfpagesidisclosurestemail. 
EFTA01187918

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187919.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eye on the Market I January 23. 2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: market/economic update, and the transcript from the latest televised confession 
Market update. We released our 2013 Outlook on January 2nd; please contact your J.P. Morgan team for an electronic or 
printed copy. Since that time, more of the same: 
• Reflation. Equity volatility has fallen to pm-crisis lows as central banks drive up financial markets via ultra-low interest 
rates, hoping for whatever trickle-down effect they can get in the economy. Piles of cash held by pensions, endowments, central 
banks, individuals, etc, are looking for return, and on the march. While earnings growth is slowing, equity valuations are not 
stretched in an historical context. Expect another year of markets outperforming what growth alone would imply. 
• US growth is running at —2%. Income, consumption, housing and capital spending were improving at year-end. Higher 
income tax rates and the end of the payroll tax holiday will probably slow growth for a quarter or two before a modest rebound 
later in the year. Q4 S&P profits are coming in better than lowered expectations, and 2013 estimates are stabilizing at 10% y/y. 
• China's economy has been improving (production, demand, trade, housing, capital spending), reinforcing consensus growth 
expectations of 8% . In the rest of emerging Asia, exports and production are rising gradaully after last year's slowdown 
• In a schizophrenic Europe, economic data is still weak while capital markets keep improving. German growth stalled, the % 
of employed Italian men hit a new all-time low of 66%, and Spain's unemployment rate is about to pass Greece. Employment is 
usually a lagging indicator, but forward-looking surveys for Italy and Spain don't look good either. However, deposit outflows 
have stabilized, Spanish bond yields keep declining and European HY spreads are back to pm-crisis levels, all based on the view 
that the ECB (firmly in Italian hands) will print money and bail everyone out. France passed legislation to introduce more 
flexibility into labor markets, but they've got a long way to go to close the unemployment and export gap with Germany. 
• Japan edges closer to a formal money-printing exercise of its own as the global currency wars continue. This week's 
announcement fell short of the Big Bang, but was made by lame duck members of the BoJ who are on their way out; expect to 
hear more in April. Something tells me Europe may be the export loser as the Euro appreciates against the Yen. 
True Confessions. Televised confessions make for fascinating viewing. Below is a transcript of Federal Reserve Chairman Ben 
Bernanke ("Chairman") on The Zeppo Show. This imagined exchange is our way of surfacing the debates and risks around the 
Fed's balance sheet and possible exit strategies, a universal question that we get from most of our clients. 
Zeppo: 
"Thank you for coming on the program. What brings you on the show today?" 
Chairman: "I have a confession to make. For the last few years, I have been injecting the US economy with steroids in the 
form of Central Bank asset purchases. While at times FOMC members obscure it, the primary goal of this exercise is to drive up 
financial asset prices, make holders of such assets feel wealthier, more confident, and spend more money than their current 
income affords. Increased spending should lead to higher incomes and profits that, in a virtuous circle, will further support 
economic expansion. Lower corporate bond rates also encourage investment, and eventually, hiring."2
Zeppo: 
"Thank you for being so frank with us, I know it must be hard. I have to ask, how is that different from the much-
derided supply side arguments of the 1980s, referred to as trickle-down economics?" 
Chairman: "No comment on that. The FOMC is doing what it thinks is best for the US economy using the tools at its disposal 
which as our mandate states, is to make progress toward maximum employment and price stability." 
Zeppo: 
"Let's look at the asset purchases. The Fed has undoubtedly been successful in driving up equity markets compared 
to prior cycles. The pass-through to growth and employment is not showing that much progress yet; is it too early to judge?" 
Equity markets (S&P 500) 
Index, cycle trough-100 
175 
150 
125 
100 
Current cycle 
Months from trough 
Prior 
i
cycles* - 
Real GDP 
Index, cycle trough=100 
124 
118 • 
112 • 
106 • 
100 
Quarters from trough 
Prior cycles 
Private nonfarm payrolls 
Index. cycle trough=100 
118 
113 
108 
103 
Prior 
cycles' 
Monthsfrom trough 
Source: BEA, BLS, Haver Analytics, NBER. 'Solid line denotes median and band denotes range. 
I This is of course a completely fictional account of a conversation that never happened. There is no Zeppo Show as far as I know. 
Read Bemanke's Washington Post editorial from November 4, 2010 for an explanation of asset purchases in his own words. 
EFTA01187919
--- PAGE 2 ---
Eye on the Market I January 23. 2013 
JP Morgan 
Topics: market/economic update, and the transcript from the latest televised confession 
Chairman: "I think so. Without asset purchases, employment would probably be worse. Data suggests that cyclical rather than 
structural factors are the primary source of increased unemployment. If that is correct, accommodative monetary policy to 
support the recovery should help. We must watch long-term unemployment: even if the primary cause is insufficient demand, if 
progress in reducing unemployment is too slow, the long-term unemployed will see their skills and labor force attachment 
atrophy further, possibly converting a cyclical problem into a structural one. Another concern is generational. Over three 
million jobs have been created since 2009. However, jobs for those over age 55 have risen by 4 million, while workers from 16-
have been net losers of 0.6mm jobs. A couple of other statistics on labor markets to show why the Fed is addressing this 
component of its mandate with so much vigor: the unemployment rate when including discouraged workers and people working 
part-time for economic reasons is over 14%." 
Unemployment rates by duration of unemployment 
Cumulative change in number of people employed since 
Percent 
July 2009 by age group. Thousand 
4.000 
3.000 
27+ weeks 
2.000 
1.000 
-.15-26 weeks 
5-14 weeks 
-1.000 
Less than 5 weeks 
-2,000 
2004 
2006 
Source: BLS, JPMAM. 
2010 
2012 
-
-
-
-
-3,000 
Jul 
20-24 years 
and over 
25-54 years 
Jan-10 Jul-10 Jan-11 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
16-19 years 
Jul-11 Jan-12 Jul-12 
Zeppo: 
"Even so, there is some controversy about the long-term impact of central banks influencing markets. I remember 
an article that Jeremy Grantham wrote a couple of years ago around Halloween entitled, `Night of the living Fed: The Ruinous 
Cost of Fed Manipulation of Asset Prices'. He referred to the negative consequences of misallocation of capital, unproductive 
speculation, the risk of currency-related conflicts, and the corrosive impact of repeated boom-bust cycles over time. The 
housing boom-bust, partially fueled by a 1% Fed Funds rate in the early 2000's, is just one example." 
Chairman: "I can't say that I've read it. No question, the Fed did not cover itself with glory in assessing the risks of the 
housing and subprime problems during the prior credit cycle. However, there are costs to every policy decision; the question 
one has to answer is whether the benefits outweigh the risks in the long run." 
Zeppo: 
"Let's talk about those risks for a minute. Why are you not worried about the inflationary consequences of easy 
monetary policy and the size of the Fed's balance sheet?" 
Chairman: "Current inflation measures are benign, and more importantly, there is a large negative output gap. By this I am 
referring to estimates by the Congressional Budget Office that effectively measure the amount of spare capacity in the US 
economy, and how much the economy could grow before generating inflationary pressure. As you can see, the negative output 
gap is large, unlike periods in the mid 1970's when there was a positive output gap and easy monetary policy, which when 
combined with an oil price shock and protectionist labor markets, led to inflation. Circumstances are quite different today." 
US Inflation 
US output gap 
Percentchange, YoY 
Percent of potential GDP 
6% 
3.0% 
8% 
5% 
6% 
4% 
Headline 
2.5% 
4% 
3% 
2.0% 
2% 
1% 
.2% 
1.5% 
0% 
.4% 
.1% 
W 
Corc 
1.0% .64% 
.2% 
.8% 
-3% 
0.5% -10% 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 
1965 1970 1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
EFTA01187920
--- PAGE 3 ---
Eye on the Market I January 23, 2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: market/economic update, and the transcript from the latest televised confession 
Zeppo: 
"I hear you, but James Bullard, an FOMC member from the St. Louis Fed, is a critic of output gaps and thinks the 
US version might not be that negative. He cites unresolved gap measurement issues and shaky empirical relationships3. He also 
believes that positive output gaps outside the US are important to look at as contributors to US inflation dynamics." 
Chairman: "The FOMC is not relying just on output gap estimates. There is a healthy debate at the FOMC about these issues, 
which we continue to monitor. By the way, are you sure that your viewers are really interested in stuff like this?" 
Zeppo: 
"I sure hope so, since we cancelled Otis the Sky-Diving Dog to book you. Let's get back to it. Some Fed watchers 
also note that while QE I and QE2 were adopted when inflation expectations were falling, the more recent Fed actions have 
taken place when they were stable. In other words, despite the disappearance of deflation risk when looking at what is priced 
into TIPS markets. That's what the chart below shows." 
Chairman: "To reiterate, the employment situation is taking a front seat for a while given Fed concerns about structural 
unemployment risks. At the current time, our thinking is that Fed asset purchases would stop if core inflation rose persisently 
above 2.5%, or if unemployment fell below 6.5%. Or if Texas Governor Rick Perry says its OK (just kidding)." 
Fed policies and inflation expectations 
US 5-year breakeven TIPS Inflation rate, percent 
QEForever 
3.0% 
Mooned 
2.5% 
()El announced 
'Nast 2 
2.0% 
1.5% 
1.0% 
0.5% 
0.0% 
-0.5% 
-1.0% 
Jan-08 
Rate guidance: 
mid-2013 
Jan•09 
Jan-10 
Jan-11 
Jan-12 
Rate guidance: 
mid-2014 
Excess reserves held by banks at the Fed 
Tril Ions, USD 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0  
Jan-13 
1999 
2001 
2003 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
Source: Bloomberg, GaveKal. 
Source: Federal Reserve Board. 
Zeppo: 
"Even if we assume that inflation stays low, assuming that the US is not Japan, eventually the output gap chart will 
close, and it will be time to withdraw some of the liquidity that has been created. How complicated do you think that will be? 
Here's a chart on excess reserves in the US banking system. As you know, these balances are not a result of `bank hoarding' or 
`miserly bank lending standards', but a direct byproduct of the excess reserves created by the Fed to pay for Treasury and 
Agency bonds it purchased during its balance sheet operations. By next summer, excess reserves could top $2 trillion." 
Chairman: "Them are a variety of mechanisms the FOMC can use when the time comes. One approach that the Fed has written 
about conducts monetary policy through the rate paid on these excess reserves, such that this rate becomes a proxy for the cost 
of money which the Fed can raise or lower as it sees fit. We would raise it in the scenario you mention." 
Zeppo: 
"That sounds plausible, but what happens when/if interest rates have to be raised to a level above the Fed's income 
on the Treasury and Agency securities that it holds? The first consequence would be a reduction in the positive carry subsidy 
that the Fed has been paying to the US Treasury, and as interest rates rise further, eventually the Fed would be in a negative 
carry situation. What then? Would the Fed sell gold so as not to have to go to Congress to be recapitalized?" 
Chairman: "You are talking about a string of hypotheticals that are a long way away from today, at which time the FOMC will 
evaluate its range of options, including asset sales and repo operations. That is a bridge we can cross when we get there." 
Zeppo: 
"Ok, I don't want to get too exercised about this...maybe I should stop reading Charles Plosser, president of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. He has been giving interviews in which he wonders about the speed by which interest 
rates would have to be raised on excess reserves to prevent undesired lending to an overheating economy, the limited experience 
that the Fed has with this approach, and what the next steps would be if it did not work as expected. Some of his comments 
verge on the hysterical, and by that I mean 'concerned' rather than `funny'." 
"Global Output Gaps: Wave of the Future?', James Bullard, President and CEO, FRB-St. Louis, Monetary Policy in a Global Setting: 
China and the United States, 28 March 2012, Beijing China 
EFTA01187921
--- PAGE 4 ---
Eye on the Market I January 23, 2013 
IP Morgan 
Topics: market/economic update, and the transcript from the latest televised confession 
Chairman: "There are a wide range of opinions on this issue, and Charlie's views are part of that spectrum. I have said in the 
past that we will continue to reevaluate the costs and benefits of these activities, and adjust them as necessary. I should also 
point out that there is a large consensus on the Federal Open Market Committee for the steps the Fed is taking, and for exploring 
the concept of paying interest on excess reserves as an exit strategy." 
Zeppo: 
"Let me ask about the independence of the Fed. 
There is some speculation that another reason for ultra-low 
interest rates is that the Fed has been co-opted into helping the 
Treasury deal with its deficit. In the last chart, we plot the 
CBO's Baseline debt/GDP scenario, the one that assumes that 
the budget sequester will go through as planned. And in 
response to one of our viewer questions, we also show what 
the debt/gdp outlook would look under two assumptions: 
what if the US had not fought wars in Iraq or Afghanistan, 
and what if the mortgage interest deduction were completely 
eliminated by 2022? In other words, let's examine a scenario 
in which the US focuses its balance sheet on those most in 
need, rather than on military adventurism or middle class 
entitlements. As you can see, the debt problem remains pretty 
high by any historical standard. Is financing the deficit a 
third mandate for the Fed now, and why it is forcing down interest rates?" 
If the Iraq and 
Afghan Wars were 
not fought: savings 
of 1380bn to date 
CBOBaseline Case 
• 
• • 
00000 • 
• • • 00000 • 
Baseline case minus 
War and with gradual 
elimination of the 
mortgage interest 
deduction by 2022 as 
rJCT 
US net debt to GDP 
Percent 
90% 
80% 
70% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
2000 
2003 
2006 
2009 
2012 
2015 
2018 
2021 
Source: Congressional Budget Office,JointCon-rnitleon Taxation, 
Congressional Research Service, JPMAM. 
Chairman: "Absolutely not. The FOMC remains committed to its dual mandate on inflation and price stability. When the time 
comes to remove the monetary accommodation, we will do it, and not repeat the mistakes of the 1970's. Who wants to be 
remembered like Arthur Burns?" 
Zeppo: 
"One last question. Both you and Bill Dudley have mentioned concerns about mortgage spreads to homebuyers not 
declining as fast as spreads on mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae, for example. The Fed presented a paper at a 
recent conferences that stated that mortgage originators were `enjoying pricing power on some borrowers looking to refinance'. 
Have you read a recent note from the American Enterprise Institute on the subject? Fannie and Freddie mispriced credit risk 
during the housing bubble, and so in 2011, Congress ordered the Federal Housing Finance Agency to ensure that GSE guarantee 
fees `appropriately reflect the risk of loss, as well as the cost of capital allocated to similar assets held by other fully private 
regulated financial institutions.' As a result, guarantee fees increased from 22 basis points per year in 2003-2006 to 54 basis 
points today. The piece also points out that increased regulations add substantial time and expense to the loan origination 
process (Dodd-Frank is 11,000 pages so far, and only 34% complete), such that of the above-referenced gap, government actions 
account for about 80% of the increase." 
Chairman: "Was there a question in there? Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this discussion, I have another 
meeting to attend." 
End of interview 
To reiterate, this is an entirely fictional exercise. The Fed Chairman's comments above are a mélange of some of his 
actual statements and writings, my interpretation and conjecture of what he might say, and pure contrivance. It is my 
crude way of bringing the policy options to life for clients. The long-term consequences of Fed manipulation of asset prices 
is an issue that concerns me. We are already seeing extreme levels of optimism in some credit markets (e.g., 100-year Mexican 
dollar-denominated bond issued in 2010 at a 6% yield that now yields 4.8%, US HY index yield-to-worst below 6%), and 
valuations on some dividend-paying stocks may have gone past where fundamentals alone would bring them. However, overall 
S&P 500 equity valuations are fair at 13.5x earnings, and nowhere near the peaks of prior cycles. Household and corporate cash 
balances, and the surplus of deposits over loan growth in the US banking system, suggest an excess of caution rather than an 
excess of exuberance, so the overall picture is mixed on this front. If earnings keep rising with an expansion and both household 
and corporate leverage remain modest, the risks of a private sector disruption appear low. 
"The Rising Gap Between Primary and Secondary Mongage Rates":Federal Reserve Banks of New York and Boston, November 2012. 
EFTA01187922
--- PAGE 5 ---
Eye on the Market I January 23, 2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: market/economic update, and the transcript from the latest televised confession 
The key issue is the output gap estimate: if it is anywhere close to correct, the US is at least a couple of years away from a 
day of reckoning on substantial monetary tightening. While Fed asset purchases may end in 2013, policy rates are unlikely 
to be raised for a long time; markets currently expect Fed Funds rates to remain below 1% through December 2015 and possibly 
longer. If that's the case, financial markets are likely to meet our modest forecasts for 2013, particularly with reduced chances 
of a disruptive Congressional battle over the debt ceiling. 
If I am wrong about near-term US inflation risks, then everything 
changes. Will the Fed's exit strategy work as planned when the time comes? Given the unorthodoxy of the experiment, there is 
no way to know in advance. The verdict will only be rendered after policies return to normal one day. We are in the part of 
the cycle where the steroids are working, the pain is dulled, and there are few signs of organ damage in sight. 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
On the Fed Balance Sheet: the mechanics of the Fed balance sheet and its monetary policy operations are quite complicated. 
You can find a lot of press articles on the subject, but more often than not, they make over-simplifying assumptions that are at 
times not accurate. My two preferred (and impeccable) sources on the subject are Michael Feroli at J.P. Morgan Securities, and 
William Denyer at Gavekal Research. To be clear, they are not in any way responsible for the imagined interview shown 
above, and my guess is that Feroli would have written it differently (e.g., he probably would have expressed less doubt/concern 
about the long-term cost-benefit of the Fed's balance sheet expansion). 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: .IPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tar advice. Accordingly. any discussion of U.S. far matters contained 
herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used. and cannot be used. in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with .IPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tar-related 
penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general market commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cembalest and may differ from those of other J.P. 
Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes LP. hforgan research and should not be treated as such. Further. the views expressed herein may differ 
from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summarWpricesiquotethiatistics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable. but we do not 
guarantee their accuracy or completeness. any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Pau perfirrmance is not a guarantee of future results. References to the 
performance or character of our portfolios generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. It is a proxy for client performance and may nor 
represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts depending on the unique 
objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for specific activities. Bank. trust and investment management services are provided by JP 
Morgan Chase Bank. N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P. Morgan Securities LW (JPMS). Member NYSE. FINRA and SIPC, and its affiliates globally as 
local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (-FDIC"): are not deposits or 
other obligations of its bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift reliates:  and are subject to investment risks. including possible loss of the principal 
invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with wurJ.P. Morgan Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is nor 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial insinunens Private Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may 
increase the risk of investment kit can be highly illiquid. are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tax structures and 
delays in distributing important tax information. Typically such investment ideas can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which 
fully describes all terms conditions. and risks. High yield bonds are speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit events 
which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. Investments in commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks 
associated with international investing and may not be suitable for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is nor rendering 
accounting, legal or tar advice. You should consult with your independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC member NYSE. FINRA and 
SIPC and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom. this material is approved by J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (IPMIB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street. Canary Wharf. 
London EN 5JP. registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition. this material may be distributed by: 
!Morgan Chase Bank. N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch. which is regulated by the French banking authorities Autorite de Contrale Prudentiel and Amorist; des Marches 
Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse) St. regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch. licensed as a conventional wholesale bank by 
the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch. regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch 
and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. 
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore. this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material relates to a 
Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by LP. Aforgan (S.EA.)Limited (JPMSEAL). 
Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America. the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offeror solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person. without limitation, the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of the 
transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials relate to a 
US income or franchise tar strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the information 
contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and services. please contact your J.P. Morgan private banking representative. Additional information is available 
upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for !Morgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be reproduced or 
circulated without J.P. Morgan's authority. Ci 2013 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved 
EFTA01187923

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187924.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kaiyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2013 02:55:08 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg 
EFTA01187924

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187925.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187925

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187926.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187926

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187927.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01187927

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187928.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Warren Eisenstein 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2013 05:42:06 +0000 
Attachments: photo(6).jpg 
how are you feeling 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187928

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187929.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187929

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187930.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
>, 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2013 12:56:11 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: Karyna Shuliak  
Date: Wed, Jan 23, 2013 at 9:55 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187930

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187931.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187931

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187932.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffre E stein <1 
To 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2013 13:48:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 .jpg 
to 4 weeks. 
On Thu, Jan 24, 2013 at 8:42 AM 
wrote: 
wrote: 
Hi, 
The weather is good in Paris. when you arc coming to Paris ?)) 
kisses 
Best regards, 
Mademoiselle Agency 
Ill me de Louth:imp 75116 Paris 
Email : 
wwwmiadmitoiselleagoitev.fr
EFTA01187932
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187933

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187934.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Je vacation" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: "Rich Kahn" 
Subject: Fw: GIV Paint Quote 
Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2013 22:35:19 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: George_Bajo.vcf; GIV_Paint_Quote.pdf 
, "Darren Indyke" < 
Jeffrey, 
Paint quote for generic GIV,. This paint shop is known to be the best,.I've seen there work,. 
Still could negotiate a lower price if we need the paint slot. Most likely $150k out the door at any date,. 
day total down time. 
I figured to address paint slot, since most shops require lead time for aircraft input. 
Thx,. 
Lany 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: 
Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2013 17:19:46 -0500 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: GIV Paint Quote 
Mr. Visoski, 
The following is the paint proposal you requested. Please note that the proposal is a standard quote with our normal pricing. 
The current available paint slots and associated discounts off of the quoted prices are as follows: 
Feb. 1 25% discount 
Feb. 8 20% discount 
Feb. 15 15% discount 
Feb. 22 10% discount 
Please note that the pricing in the proposal is the out the door price. Once you identify which paint slot that you would like I 
will revise the proposal to include the proper discount. 
The downtime required to complete the paint job is 22 calendar days from start to finish. 
If you have any questions at all please don't hesitate to call me at any time. 
Thank you for the opportunity to provide this information to you. 
Kind regards, 
George Bajo 
Completion Sales Representative 
Duncan Aviation-BM 
Phone: 1 
Ext. 
Direct Line: 
Cell: 1 
Fax: 1 
www.duncanaviatlon.aero 
EFTA01187934
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01187935

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187936.pdf
----------------------------------------
Formatted Name 
George Bajo/BTL/Duncan Aviation 
Address • Work, Pref 
Battle Creek 15745 South Airport Rd 
Battle Creek, MI 49015 
Email Work 
George Bajo/BTL/Duncan Aviation 
Email • Home, Pref, Internet 
Last Updated 
2012-11-15 15:58:47 +0000 
Name 
George Bajo 
Note 
Completions & Modifications Sales 
Organization 
Duncan Aviation 
Telephone Number • Work, Pref 
Telephone Number • Work, Fax 
Telephone Number • Cell 
VCard Version 
2.1 
X-LOTUS-CHARSET 
UTF-8 
EFTA01187936

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187937.pdf
----------------------------------------
DUNCAN 
AVIATION 
PROPOSAL 
Number 
2013.00340 -001 
3701 Aviation Rd 
15745 South Airport Rd 
Lincoln, NE 68524 
Battle Creek MI 49015 
Make, Model, Serial 
Gulfstream G-IV 
Registration 
To: Mr. Larry Visoski 
Hyperion Air 
3800 SOUTHERN BLVD #204 
SUITE 204 
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33406 
Fax: 
Date 
Jan 2013 
Quoted By 
George Bajo - Battle Creek 
PAINT REFURBISHMENT 
1.00 
Duncan Aviation Complete Paint Specifications- DIV/SP (2013) 
Incoming Inspection 
The aircraft will be inspected upon arrival for evidence of damage or 
discrepancies. Particular attention will be given to the windows, flight 
controls, fuselage skin, boots and polished leading edges. If discrepancies 
are found, the customer will be notified for approval to repair or defer. 
Paint Stripping 
Protective masking materials will be applied to the aircraft to protect 
sensitive areas such as windows, composites, and leading edges. All 
openings will be sealed. The aircraft will be stripped using an approved 
Non-Hap's stripper and then rinsed with heated fresh water. Masking 
materials will be removed. 
NOTE: A MIL thickness check will be completed upon input of the aircraft into 
paint. If the existing MIL thickness is greater than 10 MIL's additional labor and 
stripper will be required to completely strip the aircraft. Any additional labor or 
stripper required will be submitted via a Change Order for customer approval. Due 
to new EPA restrictions, stripper materials are limited to Non-HAP (Hazardous Air 
Pollutant) strippers. 
Sanding 
The aircraft will be sanded as required to remove all paint or primer residue 
not removed by stripping. 
Composites 
Applicable composites will be sanded down to the original base primer, 
painted with a anti-static primer, and then sanded and prepped for top coat 
application. 
NOTE: Existing cracks in composite surfaces will eventually transfer through 
the paint finish. Duncan Aviation's warranty does not cover problems caused 
by or related to the inherent qualities of airframe composite materials. See 
Paint Warranty for Details. 
Quoted $ 
202,428 
Lincoln 
Duncan Aviation 
Battle Creek 
EFTA01187937
--- PAGE 2 ---
Quote 2013.00340 -001 - Hyperion Air - 24 Jan 2013 
Page 2 of 6 
1.00 
Continued...Duncan Aviation Complete Paint Specifications-
GIWSP (2013) 
Flight Controls 
Any flight controls that require balancing, per the aircraft maintenance manual, will 
be removed for priming and painting. After final paint is applied, the flight controls 
will be balanced, reinstalled, and operationally checked. Any flight control hardware 
that is damaged or is found to have excessive wear must be replaced. The 
replacement of flight control hardware or addition of balance weights will be 
additional and submitted via a Change Order for customer approval. 
Pre Treatment 
Protective masking materials will be applied to the aircraft and the aircraft 
will be washed with PreKote, scrubbed, and rinsed with fresh water. 
Masking materials will be removed. 
Primer Application 
Protective masking materials will be applied to the aircraft. A "Chrome Free" 
corrosion protective primer will be applied. Fill primer will be applied to the 
fuselage and tops of wings for cosmetic appearance. 
Top Coat Application 
The primer coat will be sanded and protective masking replaced as required. 
The aircraft will be blown off with high pressure dry air, wiped down and 
cleaned with tack rags. Two coats of high gloss paint will be applied to the 
aircraft and the control surfaces. 
NOTE: One base color is included in standard pricing. The application of a 
second base color to the wings, horizontal / vertical stabilizers and the use of 
metallic paint for the second base color, is not included in this Proposal and will be 
additional. 
Landing Gear 
The landing gear (struts, gear doors and wheels) will be prepped and painted. The 
wheel wells will be cleaned only. See additional and upgrade options for painting of 
the wheel wells. 
Following painting of the landing gear, the aircraft will be jacked, the landing gear 
assembly will be inspected and all operational checks will be completed. The 
landing gear will be lubricated in accordance with the proper maintenance manual. 
NOTE: The lubrication may be waived at the written request of the Customer. 
Layout and Stripes 
The customer approved paint scheme will be laid out on the airplane using a fine 
line tape. The layout will be inspected by the Project Designer for final approval 
prior to painting. After painting of the stripes, the tape will be pulled immediately (if 
the layout design allows) leaving a clean, crisp edge. 
NOTE: Two stripe colors applied in a maximum of four stripes are included in 
standard pricing. See additional and upgrade options for application of additional 
stripes and/or colors. 
NOTE: Applying custom schemes, custom registration number styles, foreign 
registration numbers to wings, flags, logos, multiple stripe schemes (more than four 
(4) stripes), continuous taper spacing between tapered stripes, etc. will be 
additional and bid upon specification / request. 
Lincoln 
Duncan Aviation 
Battle Creek 
EFTA01187938
--- PAGE 3 ---
Quote 2013.00340 -001 - Hyperion Air - 24 Jan 2013 
Page 3 of 6 
1.00 
Continued...Duncan Aviation Complete Paint Specifications-
GIV/SP (2013) 
Placards 
Silk-screens will be used to apply the airframe placard information in English 
where applicable. 
NOTE: Bilingual placards will be additional and bid upon specification / 
request. 
Antennas 
Antennas will be retained as existing and cleaned only. 
NOTE: Customer requests to paint any antennas will be evaluated by an 
avionics specialist, and if approved, will be completed per a customer 
approved Change Order. 
P-Static Check 
A visual inspection of the static wick bases and a P-Static check of the 
radome is included at no charge. Any repairs will be an additional cost and 
submitted via a Change Order for customer approval. 
RVSM Continued Airworthiness 
Returning the Pitot static system and components of RVSM compliant 
aircraft to service will require that the operator provide the applicable 
Instructions for Continued Airworthiness as indicated in their FAA / EASA 
approved RVSM Operations Manual. 
Preflight Inspection 
Flight controls will be operationally checked and a preflight inspection will be 
accomplished per the Duncan Aviation Checklist. 
Final Detail / Touch Up Kit 
A Final Quality Inspection will be completed by the Paint Team Leader and 
Project Designer. The windows will be cleaned and any exposed polished 
metal surfaces will be repolished. The aircraft will be cleaned, logbook 
entries completed, and all required documents will be checked on board. 
A paint touch up care kit will be provided. 
Nose Erosion Boot / Erosion Tape 
A clear vinyl nose erosion boot will be applied to the radome. Clear 3M tape will be 
applied to the painted leading edges per customer specification. 
Entrance Door & Door Frame 
The entrance door and the entrance door frame will be prepared for paint and 
painted to match the fuselage base color. The step treads will be covered with new 
ribbed vinyl stair mat. The handrail will be polished per the current finish. New 
placards will be installed as required. 
Baggage Door & Door Frame / Access Bay 
The inside of the baggage door, baggage door frame, rear bay access door and 
frame will be prepped and painted to match the fuselage color. The existing rear 
bay access door ladder will remain as existing. 
Lincoln 
Duncan Aviation 
Battle Creek 
EFTA01187939
--- PAGE 4 ---
Quote 2013.00340 -001 - Hyperion Air - 24 Jan 2013 
Page 4 of 6 
1.00 
Continued...Duncan Aviation Complete Paint Specifications-
GIV/SP (2013) 
Additional Fill Prime Application 
A fill prime application will be provided on the fuselage (upper 3/4ths of fuselage) 
and tops of wings. 
NOTE: Additional work may be required in the future to strip an aircraft with fill 
primer applied. 
Hazardous Materials Handling 
The hazardous materials generated through the strip and paint process will 
be treated and disposed of in accordance with EPA regulations. 
Notes: 
Additional corrosion control or repair, skin repair, replacement of rusty or corroded 
steel fasteners, or polishing of metal not already polished will be an additional cost 
and submitted via a Change Order for Customer approval. 
2.00 
ADDITIONAL & UPGRADE OPTIONS- GIV/SP 
The following items, if requested, will be additional: 
Second base color, Bid Upon Request 
Second Base Color with separate wing colors, Bid Upon Request 
Additional stripe colors, ADD $ 2,400 ea 
Wheel Wells, ADD $ 7,500 
Paint Inside Engine Cowlings, ADD $ 7,700 
Access Doors, ADD T&M 
Wing Registration Markings, ADD T&M 
Flags, ADD T&M 
Inspection Panels / Screws, ADD T&M 
Defueling Service Fee, ADD T&M 
Weight and Balance, ADD T&M 
Engine Preservation as required in a/c maint manual, ADD T&M 
3.00 
THREE-YEAR PAINT WARRANTY 
Duncan Aviation, Inc. ("Duncan Aviation") Warrants all exterior strip and paint work 
performed by Duncan Aviation to be free from defects in material workmanship for 
a period of three (3) years or 1500 flight hours whichever first occurs. 
For a full copy of Duncan Aviation's Paint Warranty and Limitations of Liability 
please contact your Sales Representative or Project Manager or you can download 
a copy from your myDuncan account. 
4.00 
NOTES 
FEES: Freight and consumables fees are included in this proposal. 
TAXES: No state sales tax will be collected for parts or labor performed on aircraft 
in Nebraska or Michigan, for those aircraft that are based and registered outside 
those respective states. Aircraft registered within the States of Nebraska or 
Michigan where work is performed, will be subject to the local state tax 
requirements unless the appropriate tax exempt form is provided to Duncan 
Aviation. Although Duncan Aviation may not collect tax for work performed, your 
particular state may require a use tax for work performed away from your home 
state. Duncan Aviation suggests you check with your local tax adviser. 
Lincoln 
Duncan Aviation 
Battle Creek 
EFTA01187940
--- PAGE 5 ---
Quote 2013.00340 -001 - Hyperion Air - 24 Jan 2013 
Page 5 of 6 
4.00 
Continued...NOTES 
DESIGN SERVICES: Professional Design services are provided at no charge for 
completion of this project with Duncan Aviation. Pre-planning, material selection, 
exterior illustrations and research of pertinent FAA regulations are all included as 
part of the Duncan Design services. Customer requested Duncan Design services 
will be billed at $125.00 per hour for projects not completed at one of Duncan 
Aviation's facilities. 
PHOTOS: Customer grants Duncan Aviation the right to take photographs and/or 
video of the interior and exterior of the aircraft. Duncan Aviation is authorized to 
copyright, use, and publish the photographs or video in print and/or electronically 
and will make commercially reasonable efforts to not name the company or show 
any identifying information. 
DEFUELING SERVICE FEE: A defueling service fee will be applied to the quantity 
of fuel removed for fuel processing, certification, quality, and purity requirements. 
REGISTRATION CHANGES: Registration number changes may require updating 
of certain aircraft transponder equipment. Changes may also be required to FMS 
equipment, instrument panel placards, flightphones, airshow systems, and briefing 
cards. Changes and equipment updates will be completed on a Time & Material 
basis at current shop rate. Temporary registration numbers, if required, will be 
additional. 
COUNTRY OF REGISTRY: Quote is applicable for U.S. (N#) registered aircraft and 
those country's which are on Duncan Aviation's repair station. 
Total Quoted 
S 
202,428 
At Duncan Aviation, We: 
Deliver high-quality products and services. 
Charge fair prices and provide efficient turntimes. 
Lead through action and Innovation. 
Focus on solutions rather than problems. 
Rasped others and aro accountable for our actions. 
Maintain a team approach and offer positive suggestions. 
Value honesty, integrity, loyalty and trust. 
Support our communities and encourage volunteerism. 
Are proud to be the best at what we do. 
Lincoln 
Duncan Aviation 
Battle Creek 
EFTA01187941
--- PAGE 6 ---
Quote 2013.00340 
-001 - Hyperion Air - 24 Jan 2013 
Page 6 of 6 
PROPOSAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 
Binding Effect: 
The Agreement incorporating this Proposal is referred to herein as the Agreement: which shall be deemed to include all of the terms and conditions of this 
Proposal as if they were in the same document as and a part of the Agreement. This Proposal is not binding on Duncan Aviation. Inc. ("Duncan') unless the Agreement is 
signed by Customer and returned to Duncan within thirty (30) days of the date of hereof. 
Payment Terms; Deposit: 
Unless otherwise agreed. payment in full will be made prior to aircraft departure from Duncan's facility. If service is not provided at a Duncan 
facility, payment in full wit be made prior to trial sign-off. Acceptable methods of payment include approved check wire transfer, or cash. A deposit equal to 30% of quoted 
items on projects expected to require four weeks or more to complete or requiring special parts orders or pre-arrival engineering services will be made at time of firm schedule 
commitment. This deposit is non-refundable and wiz be retained by Duncan as liquidated damages if Customer cancels or materially changes the scope or scheduling of the 
project. On projects expected to require more than four weeks to complete, progress payments equal to 50% of projected remaining account balance will be made at project 
midpoint or. if sooner. al six-week intervals from the date the protect commences. A finance charge of 1.33% per month will be assessed on account balances unpaid for 30 
days or more. Payment or account questions should be directed to Duncan's Customer Accounts Department at 
Exceptions to the foregoing payment terms 
or methods must be approved in writing in advance by Duncan's Customer Accounts Department. 
Additional Charges: 
Items listed as 'estimated' are for informational purposes only. The final charges for estimated items will be based upon actual services andror parts 
provided and may vary from the estimated charge. The following adthonal charges are not reflected in the quoted prices and. if applicable. wil be paid by Customer to Duncan 
upon demand: (1) Sales or use tax: (2) Charges for repairing Customer-furnished parts, material or equipment determined to be unsuitable for its intended purpose: (3) Charges 
for rework of or additions to Customer-furnished engineer-Mg and for fuel. oi, lubricants, insurance and flight crews required for ground or flight testing: (4) Overtime charges: (5) 
The amount, if any, by which exchange part credits granted Customer by Duncan exceed the amount of such credit received by Duncan from the manufacturer or supplier: and 
(6) Freight charges. 
Place and Time of Performance: 
Unless otherwise provided on the face hereof, the quoted price is based on all services being performed at a Duncan facility. Unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing Duncan's performance will be carried out doing regular (non-overtime) workie hours. Customer specified Change Orders may result in additional 
charges and/or downtime. 
Substitutions: 
Duncan may Mcorporate changes in denim, construction or installation and substitute equivalent equipment. accessories. parts. or material where it deems 
such changes necessary to improve the gustily, performance, retie:44y. stability, utility or appearance of the goods or materials supplied hereunder. If any materials specified or 
contemplated herein are not ready procurable for their intended purpose due. drectly or indirectly. to governmental prohibitions, restrictions or priorities. Duncan will have the 
right to substitute equivalent suitable materials. 
Software: 
My software provided hereunder shad be subject to the terms and conditions of the supplying vendor's software license. The warranties for software shall be 
limited to the warranties provided by such vendor. 
Limited Warranty for Services and Components: 
Duncan warrants that the services performed hereunder will comply with applicable FM regulations in effect as of the 
date the work is performed (as interpreted by the FM office having jurisdiction over the facility at which the work is performed) and will be free from defects in workmanship and 
material. inducing new components manufactured by Duncan. under normal use for one (1) year and for ninety (90) days on used components refurbished by Duncan from 
date of installation. The warranty on al other new and used components shall be limited to the warranty provided by the supplying manufacturer or vendor. it any. This warranty 
does not apply to (i) normal wear and tear. (ii) the consequences of accident, negligence. abuse or misuse, or of repair, removal. reinstallation or alteration other than by 
Duncan and (iii) to Customer furnished parts or equipment or to work which. al Customer's cirection, was not performed in accordance with Drmcan's standard operating 
procedures. The sole and exclusive remedy of Customer, and Duncan's sole and exclusive liability, with respect to this warranty is limited to repair or replacement 
(at Duncan's option) of the nonconforming or defective work or component. Such repair or replacement shall be performed at a Duncan facility and Customer shall be 
responsible for transportation costs. THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF. AND THE CUSTOMER HEREBY WAIVES. ALL OTHER WARRANTIES. EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION. IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE. 
Limitation of Liability: 
In no event shall Duncan be liable for any special. incidental. consequential anitor punitive damages, including. without limitation, loss of 
profits. loss of goodwill. loss of use. loss of time. diminution of value, or inconvenience. even if informed of the possibility of such damages. In the event Duncan 
physically damages Customer's property. Customer's sole and exclusive remedy, and Duncan's sole and exclusive liability. is limited to the repair or replacement 
(at Duncan's option) of the damaged portion of the property. 
Force Majeure: 
Duncan will not be liable to Customer for any failure to meet its obligations under the Agreement or this Proposal due to any cause beyond its reasonable 
control, inducing, without limitation. (i) government embargoes or other governmental acts that interfere with Duncan's performance: (ii) any other acts or failure to ad of any 
government. including delays, failure, or refusal to gent approval(s) by the FM or other aviation authority: (iii) blockades: (iv) seizure or freeze of assets: (v) fires. earthquakes. 
floods. severe weather conditions. or any other acts of God: (vi) labor strikes or lockouts: (vi) riots. strife inurrection. MAI disobedience. armed conflict. terrorism or war 
(declared or nol). or impending threat of any of the foregoing if reasonably expected to cause injury to people or property: or (viii) shortages of or inability to obtain materials or 
supplies. 
Attorneys' Fees: 
Customer agrees that Duncan shall be entitled to have and recover reasonable attorneys' fees. costs and expenses incurred in connection with any action 
or proceeding to enforce its rights (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) and/or to collect amounts due it in connection with the Customer's account with Duncan. 
Law and Venue: 
II the work performed in connection with this is to be performed al Duncan's facilities in Michigan. the Agreement and this Proposal shall be subject to and 
interpreted in accordance vrith the laws of the State of Michigan. irrespective of its choice of law principles. Customer agrees that any dispute regarding the Agreement or this 
Proposal shall be resolved exclusively in either Federal or State Court in Michigan and hereby consents to exdusive jurisdiction of such courts in Michigan to resolve any 
disputes regarding this Proposal. 
II the work performed in connection with this Proposal is to be performed at any Duncan facility other than the facilities located in Michigan. this Proposal shall be subject to and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nebraska, irrespective of its choice of law principles. In such event. Customer agrees that any dispute regarding the 
Agreement or this Proposal shall be resolved exclusively in the either Federal or State Court in Nebraska and hereby consents to exclusive jurisdiction of such carts in 
Nebraska to resolve any disputes regarding this Proposal. 
General: 
Upon entering into the Agreement. the Agreement and this Proposal and all of the terms and conditions set forth therein are binding on and enforceable by and 
against the parties. their successors, legal representatives. and assigns. No part of this Proposal or the Agreement shall be affected if any other part of it is held invaid or 
unenforceable. The Agreement and this Proposal shall constitute the sole agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters set forth in the Agreement and this 
Proposal, superseding any and all prior oral or written agreements or understandings. The Agreement and this Proposal may only be modified by a written addendum 
specifically referencing the Agreement and this Proposal which is signed by the parties. 
Lincoln 
Duncan Aviation 
Battle Creek 
EFTA01187942

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187943.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187943

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187944.pdf
----------------------------------------
I cavit a4rd health insurance, 
but I Pound a vet who saved me 
<707. on IN vasector9. 
cz:z 
EFTA01187944

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187945.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187945

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187946.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bcc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Gregory Brown 
undisclosed-recipients:; 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 01/13/13 
Sun, 13 Jan 2013 21:49:36 +0000 
Are2grand_bargainst still_possible_C =?WINDOWS-1252?Q? 
hris Cillizza=5FTWP:5FJanuary_6,21)12.pdf?=; 
Book review,2Theinsurgente_by_Fred_Kaplan_and .My_Share_of_the_Taskiby_Stan 
ley2C. McChrystal_Gregiaffe_TWP Januaty_5,_2013.pdf; 
2012 liottest_Year_On_Record_Forf .ower_48_States_Andrew_Freedman_Huff_Post_Gre 
en_0T 08-13.pdf; 
Rescua_by_a_Bailout,A.I.G. May_Sue_Its_Savior Ben_Protess NYT January_7,_2013. 
pdf; Why_Hagel_Was_Picked David Brooks_NYT ranuary_7,2513.pcli; 
If_we_can't_kill_farm_subsidies,_wcat_can_we_kilr_Robert_Samuelson_NYT_Januaty_6,_ 
2013.pdf; 
The Market and_Mother Nature_Thomas_Friedman_NYT_January_8,_2013.pdf; 
Signs of a_rtift_in_Briti i_Coalition_Over_European_Union_Stephen_Castle_January_l 0, 
_2013.pdf; 
Europe's_Debt_Crisis,_No_Relief on the_Horizon Suzanne_Daley_January_10,_2013.pdf; 
Tracking_Europe Debt Crisis_Nctianuary_10,_1013.pdf; 
Heat,flood or icy_Cad,_Extreme_Weather_Rages_Worldwide_Sarah_Lyall_NYT_Januar 
Shimon Peres_on_Obamairan_and_the_Path_to_Peace_Ronen_Bergman_NYT_Januaty_ 
11,20 O.pdf; 
The_Conservative_'ParttDominates_Amirai Etzioni_Huff_Post_01_11_13.pdf; 
Bill_Moyers_Paul_Krugman,_Explains_The_R.eys_To_Our_Recovery_January_11,_2013.p 
df 
Dear Friends.... 
In the month of going over the "Fiscal Cliff," debt negotiations, gun violence that has the NRA advocating 
arming teacher and a potential government shutdown so that Republican conservatives can say that the 
President Obama is a weak leader to assuage their beat-down in the 2012 November Presidential election.... 
little has changed for the elderly, poor and young. One of the reasons is the immense amount of special 
interest money that has clouded the issues and facts to the point that few people care about anything 
that doesn't affect them personally. As a result, since Ronald Reagan's election in 1980, the top one percent 
of Americans have seen their incomes increase by 275 percent. But after accounting for inflation, the typical 
hourly wage for a worker has increased just $1.23 cents. I was taught to believe that America had a level 
playing field.... For the past 32 years this has not been true... We need to get back to believing that we are our 
brother's keeper....And in the richest country in the world, there shouldn't be any children going to bed hungry 
or old people having to choose being buying meds or dinner. Finally.... lets make jobs the country's #1 priority, 
as we can't grow the economy without expanding employment. To think that the big banks and corporations 
who are sifting on more than $2 trillion in cash, can be induced to invest this money with additional tax 
breaks/incentives, that will stimulate the country's economy is naive.... This is the government's job.... 
Hopefully our Politicians will allow the government to do its job 
 And protecting a\America, should start 
within the borders (food, lodging, healthcare, education, environment, personal security, infrastructure), before 
Nation Building in Afghanistan or Iraq.... Lets make protecting of our elders, children, our poor and 
EFTA01187946
--- PAGE 2 ---
our environment our priorities.... And ask our politicians how come someone who is on the no-fly list can buy as 
many guns as they want in WalMart, when they can't buy a CD that has gun in the lyrics of the songs 
Last week in an Wall Street Journal editorial, Crony Capitalist Blowout - In praising Congress's huge new tax 
increase, President Obama said Tuesday that "millionaires and billionaires" will finally "pay their fair share." 
That is, unless you are a Nascar track owner, a wind-energy company or the owners of StarKist Tuna, among 
many others who managed to get their taxes reduced in Congress's New Year celebration. There's plenty to 
lament about the capital and income tax hikes, but the bill's seedier underside is the $40 billion or so in tax 
payoffs to every crony capitalist and special pleader with a lobbyist worth his million-dollar salary. Congress and 
the White House want everyone to ignore this corporate-welfare blowout, so allow us to shine a light on the 
merriment. 
The biggest joke is that Washington pretends to want to pass "comprehensive tax reform," when each year it 
adds more and more tax giveaways that distorts the tax code and suggest that tax rates are higher than they 
need to be. Even as he praised the bill full of this stuff, President Obama called Tuesday night for "further 
reforms to our tax code so that the wealthiest corporations and individuals can't take advantage of loopholes 
and deductions that aren't available to most Americans." While Lloyd Blankfein, CEO and Chairman of the 
global investment giant Goldman Sachs, when asked by CBS News' Scott Pelley about how he would reduce the 
federal deficit, his response: "You're going to have to undoubtedly do something to lower people's expectations 
the entitlements and what people think that they're going to get, because it's not going to they're not going to 
get it." 
At the same time Goldman makes sure their entitlements aren't touched. Example: After 9/11 Congress 
created tax-exempt Liberty Zone bonds to help small businesses rebuild near Ground Zero. Turns out Goldman's 
friends in high places consider it a small business, too, although it made $5.6 billion dollars in profits last year. 
As the fiscal cliff fiasco was playing out over New Year's Eve, faster than the ball dropped in Times Square, a 
deal was struck in Washington that will extend the subsidies for Goldman's fancy new headquarters in lower 
Manhattan. In their 43 stories of glass and steel, and a footprint two city blocks long, Goldman Sachs reigns 
supreme, thanks to a system rigged by and for the powerful rich. 
And then this. Just hours before the fiscal cliff deal's with higher individual tax rates kicking in, Goldman handed 
Lloyd Blankfein and his top lieutenants "a total of $65 million in restricted stock," bonuses awarded a month 
earlier than usual so they could all beat the coming tax hike and the company was also spared another 10 
lucrative years with an extension designed for small businesses. It should not surprise you that "corporations 
announced more special dividends last month than in any other December since at least 1955." And doing 
everything they can to avoid helping pay off the debt their CEOs have been urging Congress to cut. 
Let's look at Pete Peterson, Nixon's Secretary of the Commerce, billionaire several times over who has set up 
this "Fix the Debt" campaign and is said to be putting half a billion dollars into trying to influence the public. 
And it's not just Fix the Debt, that's just the latest incarnation. There's also the Committee for a Responsible 
Federal Budget, there's the newspaper "The Fiscal Times," there's several others. It's a whole portfolio. They all 
are Peterson Foundation money at the roots, but they're all out there. And yeah, serious attempts to influence 
public debate are not, by and large, a very lavishly funded enterprise. So when you've got a half a billion 
dollars, $500 million of spending with one agenda is going to have a huge impact. And policy intellectuals, by 
and large come cheap, a few hundred thousand in consulting contracts could do a lot there. 
How are we going to achieve income equality and for all Americans when special interest money can make 
public opinion believe that the debt ceiling is more important than feeding the country's poor and that arming 
teachers can prevent a disturbed individual from shooting a classroom full of kids, after he killed his mother 
who was a gun enthusiast and bought the weapons that were used to kill her legally. Lost in this discussion was 
EFTA01187947
--- PAGE 3 ---
a shooting in Taft High School in California where an armed teenager who shot several fellow student (and 
it wasn't an arm guard that stopped this tragedy from spiraling out of control), it was a personally committed 
heroic teacher (Ryan Heber), armed only with compassion and the skills to engage a deeply disturbed 16 year 
old student to lay down his weapons 
We need to stop this craziness.... 
One of my favorite shows and the gold standard on television is WGBH/PBS, FRONTLINE, which spent 
months following three young girls (and their siblings) who are growing up against the backdrop of their 
families' struggles against financial ruin. At a time when one in five American kids lives below the poverty line, 
"Poor Kids" is an is an intimate portrait of the economic crisis as it's rarely seen, through the eyes of children. 
In Frontline's latest documentary, Poor Kids, children are all too aware of their family's financial situation. 
With millions of children living below the poverty line, Poor Kids explores daily life of living hand to mouth and 
not having enough, through the eyes of children. The film's writer, producer and director,is Jezza Neumann. 
In American today child poverty has reach record levels, with more than 16 million children now affected. One 
in thirteen Americans in now unemployed and many children are growing up with little hope for their future. 
Food banks struggle to keep up with demand and homeless shelter have long waiting list, as even Middle Class 
families sometimes lose their homes with just a few days notice. In this week's show FRONTLINE follows 
these children living in poverty for a glimpse at what life is like for a child in need. There is the near-constant 
hunger, the stress that comes from watching a parent struggle, and oftentimes, days and weeks spent living in a 
shelter or bouncing from motel to motel. And these same challenges face almost all children living in poverty to 
one degree or another. 
The twelve year old girl whose mother is pregnant, "I think that it would be difficult for the baby to grow up 
here because we don't have allot of money.... We don't have the money for us to buy diapers for it and food 
for it.... But the good pan is that my mom is happy, my family is happy.... I don't really care if I am happy or 
not I just care if my family Li happy." 
"I think that the thing that I miss the most after having this all happen is the Internet Because people don't 
realize what they have until it is gone." He sighs, "I am having serious WarCraft withdrawals, man.... Cause 
in World WarCraft, I an: awesome, I am a level 85 Paladin, tank and healer 
and in real life a fourteen year 
old boy with nothing going..." 
Nearly half of all kids in single-parent households, live in poverty. In the richest country in the world shouldn't 
everybody in America have food and housing... the poorest families.... a place to live and food to eat.... And it is 
not that way... 
"All that I want is to play football, but football is expensive... I can name a few items that I need and want for 
my sports but /got to wait on until the next time that momma can afford it. I am fourteen... my life is almost 
over ... until I'm a grown man because if I don't have the opportunity to show somebody that I can play 
football, football won't exist in four years you know.... and if I don't get to play on a team this year that 
dream is going to slowly start fade away.... That's what happen to so many dreams of kids..." 
EFTA01187948
--- PAGE 4 ---
Talking about her new baby sister another twelve year old, "the baby's future is really going to be messed up 
because there are hardly going to be any jobs in the future or any money and rich people are going to be 
poor..." 
The other twelve year old girl, "we are back in this motel again because we got kicked out of the duplex, my 
mother didn't pay rent and then we went to Motel 6, then we went to this Twin Bridges Hotel and then we 
went to here..... Oh God we went to so many places that even talking about it makes me dizzy" Because they 
have been moving around so much the Mother hasn't been able to sign her children in any schools. As such, this 
girl again asks her mother, "why can Igo to school." To which the Mother tells her daughter that she will put 
her in school in a couple of weeks when they move into another trailer. The young girl responds 
 "If I keep 
missing school.... I see my future on a stool in a bar asking for money everywhere, everybody and stealing 
stuff from stores... and I don't want to steal stuff I don't want to do any of that stuff  I want to get an 
education and a good job 
 I believe that I can get a perfect job that I like and I want to do 
 People can't 
stop you from believing in your own dreams...." It was heartbreaking 
The figures below underscore many of the challenges facing all of the children living in 
poverty. 
$23,050 
The federal poverty guideline for a family of four is $23,050, up from $20.650 before the start 
of the recession. Today's poverty guidelines compare with a median household income in the 
U.S. of $50,054. 
Between 13.4 and 16.5 million 
Determining the exact number of children living in poverty can depend on what Census 
calculation you go by. More than 16 million children, or roughly one in five, were living in 
poverty in 2011, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's official poverty measure. That is higher 
than any other age group. Among 18- to 64-year-olds, the poverty rate was 13.7 percent, while 
among seniors the rate was 8.7 percent. The Census Bureau's official figures fail to paint a 
complete picture, though. The formula the government uses to calculate the poverty rate was 
designed in the 1960s, and does not account for expenses that are necessary to even hold a 
job — such as transportation costs and child care. Nor does the formula account for 
government programs for the needy, such as food stamps and the Earned Income Tax Credit. 
When the Census Bureau factors in those types of variables in a new experimental 
formula the number of children found to be living in poverty falls to 13.4 million. 
- $5 billion 
Despite the safety net's record of lifting children out of poverty, the amount of federal 
spending on children in 2011 dropped from $450 billion to $445 billion, according to an 
analysis from The Urban Institute. 
The study accounted for spending on programs such as Medicaid and the Children's Health 
Insurance Program, and tax expenditures like the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax 
EFTA01187949
--- PAGE 5 ---
Credit. In all, the decline marked the first time that spending on children fell since the 1980s, 
and came in a year when total federal spending rose to $3.6 trillion from $3.52 trillion. 
47.6 percent 
The nation's poorest kids primarily live in households headed by a single female. Nearly half 
of all children with a single mother — 47.6 percent — live in poverty. Indeed, the children of 
single mothers experience poverty at a rate that is more than four times higher than kids in 
married-couple families. 
38.2 percent 
Black children are more likely to live in poverty than children of any other race. The poverty 
rate among black children is 38.2 percent, more than twice as high as the rate among whites. 
The poverty rate for Hispanic children is 32.3 percent. 
Twenty-four states and the District of Columbia have poverty rates higher than the national 
average of 15 percent, with the majority of the nation's poor situated in the south. With a rate 
of 22.6 percent, Mississippi had the highest proportion of residents below the poverty line. At 
8.8 percent, New Hampshire had the lowest. In Iowa and Illinois, where Poor Kids was filmed, 
the poverty rate is 12.8 percent and 15 percent, respectively. 
percent 
The longer a child lives in poverty, the tougher it can be for them to climb out later in life. 
According to an analysis by Columbia University's National Center for Children in Poverty, 45 
percent of people who spent at least half of their childhood in poverty were poor at age 35. 
Among those who spent less than half of their childhood in poverty, just 8 percent were poor 
at age 35. 
Only three other countries in the developed world have a higher child  poverty rate than the 
U.S., according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Mexico leads 
all nations with a rate of 25.79, followed by Chile (23.95), Turkey (23.46), and the U.S. (21.63). 
THIS WEEKEND'S READING 
This week in The Washington Post, Chris Cillizza wrote this op-ed — Are 'grand bargains' still possible? — or 
any sort of large, legislative measures requiring significant bipartisan compromise. Lets be real, because 
wiithout grand bargains, all that politicians do is kick cans down the road, with little being accomplished, if any. 
EFTA01187950
--- PAGE 6 ---
For much of the last decade in politics, the idea of our government coming together to solve debt and spending 
issues, the immigration conundrum or that most forgotten of issues, a comprehensive energy solution, has 
always seemed within sight but slightly out of reach. And in the last 18 months, attempts to address the 
country's uncertain financial future in some grand way have failed twice: First in the summer of 2011 when 
discussions between President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner (R) on the debt ceiling collapsed amid 
anger and finger-pointing and then late last year when discussions between Obama and Boehner collapsed 
amid anger and finger-pointing. 
Those two failures have set up what amounts to the granddaddy of them all in late February/early March when 
three things will happen: the debt ceiling will (again) need to be raised, the government will run out of money 
and need to be re-funded, and the package of automatic, across-the-board cuts in military and domestic 
spending — a.k.a. sequestration — will kick in. There's plenty of reason to believe that the idea that the 
government can, will — or even wants to — rise to the occasion (as both Boehner and Obama have advocated 
in recent days) is a total fallacy. 
Consider, aside from the failure of the two most recent tries to cut a grand bargain, the following facts: 
• Of the 234 House Republicans elected on Nov. 6, 2012, just 39 — or 16.6 percent — were reelected with 55 
percent of the vote or less, the traditional benchmark for vulnerability in future general elections. Of that same 
group, only 15 of the 234 — 6 percent — represent districts that Obama won in the 2012 election. (Ninety-six 
percent of Democrats represent districts Obama won.) Those numbers make a clear political case that the only 
danger for most GOP members of the House is in a primary, not a general election. And, the best way to avoid a 
primary is to hold the ideological line on any and everything. Compromise with Democrats is the quickest and 
best way to shorten a career. The best example of that new political reality? The fact that 
Boehner couldn't even get his plan that would have raised taxes on those making $1 million and more to the 
floor of the House late last year. 
• Polarization in the country is at an all-time high. In Pew polling conducted since 1987 that tests Democrats 
and Republicans on four dozen values questions, there is an 18-point gap in how the two sides respond — the 
largest ever measured. That includes a 41 percent difference in how Democrats and Republicans view the 
"social safety net" (it was a 23-point margin in 1987) and a 39 percent chasm on the environment. The vast 
majority of the increased polarization has come in the past decade — during the presidencies of George W. 
Bush and Barack Obama. According to the Pew study: "Both parties have become smaller and more 
ideologically homogeneous...[thej values gap between Republicans and Democrats is now greater than gender, 
age, race or class divides." 
• Republicans lack a clear — or even fuzzy — leader. Democrats might have celebrated the collapse of 
Boehner's bargaining power in the fiscal cliff negotiations but, in truth, a powerless (or, at the least, a less 
powerful) Boehner is a bad thing for a grand bargain down the line. While Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) stepped 
into the void left by Boehner to cut a deal with the White House, it's important to remember that McConnell 
represents the Senate minority while Boehner represents the House majority. Any grand bargain will have to 
make it through the House and it's hard to see Boehner doing that unless a large number (a majority?) of his 
members are supportive of it. And it's not clear at the moment that Boehner can ensure that they could (or 
will) be. The rest of the Republican party leadership roster — former Florida governor Jeb Bush, Florida Sen. 
Marco Rubio, Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal — all seem 
to be holding off at the moment, keeping an eye on how it all plays out before weighing in politically. All that 
means that there's no person on Obama's political level who he can negotiate with at the moment. That's a 
major problem for deal-lovers. 
As such, Cillizza says that all signs point to the fact that if the grand bargain isn't dead, it's darn close. Miraculous 
comebacks happen in politics, which makes it worth watching, but they are the exception not the rule. Given that, it may 
EFTA01187951
--- PAGE 7 ---
be time to accept the idea of Washington doing big things in a bipartisan way is a thing of the past — perhaps never to be 
recovered. If Washington is unable to do grand bargains, it can't competently govern and the country will suffer. And the 
only way that this will change is by both the press and public focusing on the solution instead of the conflict, because who 
wins or loses is unimportant when little or nothing is accomplished — because the country and its citizens loses and the 
politicians, media and the public have a mutual responsibility to enact laws that benefit the country as a whole. 
In reviewing the books — 'The Insurgents' by Fred Kaplan and 'My Share of the Task' by Stanley A. McChrystal 
— in The Washington Post by Greg Jaffe — he chronicles the strategies, histories and contributions of Gen. 
Stanley A. McChrystal and Gen. David H. Petraeus, pertaining to the wars in Afghanistan, Iraq and elsewhere. 
As I mentioned last week, one of my father's favorite sayings was "history is always re-written by the 
winners." McChrystal is now being re-framed as an reluctant assassin. And until the sex scandal recently forced 
him to step down as CIA director, the soldier-scholar able to outrun troops half his age (Petraeus), and the 
ascetic warrior (McChrystal) became the most influential generals of their generations, mythologized in the 
media. 
Their counterinsurgency doctrine — a product of intensive study and relentless marketing — formed the 
foundation of Petraeus's strategy in Iraq in 2007. The Army manual was downloaded more than 1.5 million 
times in its first month and landed a lengthy review in the New York Times. By 2009 it was being celebrated as 
the answer to America's mounting woes in Afghanistan as well. 
Both set out to remake their Army and change the American way of war. And both succeeded, though not 
always in the way they intended. The counterinsurgency revolution that Petraeus and McChrystal championed 
also has largely run its course, killed off by budget cuts and America's exhaustion with the two wars. 
Kaplan's and McChrystal's accounts converge in Afghanistan, where McChrystal, a new four-star commander, 
faced a war that was deteriorating rapidly. He singled out the corrupt and predatory Afghan government as the 
driving force behind the Taliban's resergence. He asked for 40,000 more soldiers and Marines, who were to live 
with Afghan army forces, protect villagers from Taliban attacks and rebuild the Afghan government. His 
approach was classic counterinsurgency. 
The most prominent attack on the strategy came from the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan, Karl Eikenberry, a 
retired three-star general who had been the commander of U.S. forces several years earlier. Eikenberry argued 
that McChrystal's strategy was sure to fail as long as Hamid Karzai was Afghanistan's president. "It strains 
credulity to expect Karzai to change fundamentally this late in his life and in our relationship," he wrote in a 
classified cable to Washington. 
At the time, McChrystal saw the Eikenberry cable as a betrayal. In his memoir, though, he devotes only a few 
paragraphs to it. "There was little of Karl's analysis that I disagreed with," he writes. "But based on my 
understanding of the mission the President had given us, I concluded that we had few options, and none of 
them were easy or enticing." 
The Eikenberry cable, however, points to a fundamental problem with Petraeus's and McChrystal's 
counterinsurgency doctrine, which seeks to bolster the local government's legitimacy in order to win over the 
populace and sap the guerillas' strength. If a country's ruling elite do not share America's interests or are 
unwilling to change their corrupt ways, even the most sophisticated counter-insurgents are doomed to fail, 
Kaplan concludes. To that end, he derides McChrystal for foolishly "kowtowing" to Karzai in the hope that he 
might be able to change the Afghan president. 
The brief counterinsurgency renaissance that Petraeus and McChrystal inspired is finished. The Obama 
administration sealed its demise last year when it ordered the Army to stop using the doctrine in its planning 
EFTA01187952
--- PAGE 8 ---
for future conflicts, and announced this past week jointly with President Karzai of an accelerated troop 
withdrawal. Meanwhile, the President has ramp-up the lethal targeting machine that McChrystal built in Iraq. 
Today, McChrystal's commandos are fighting an endless and secret war in far-flung locales such as Yemen, 
Afghanistan and Somalia. This is the new American way of war. McChrystal will be remembered as the general 
who reluctantly created it. And now using another favorite saying of my father, their biographers, "are trying to 
make the truth sound good." 
Whether or not you believe that global warming is one of the by-products of climate change as Andrew 
Freedman wrote in The Huffington Post this week — 2012 Hottest Year On Record For Lower 48 States, NOAA 
Confirms. And the numbers are in: the year of a surreal March heat wave, a severe drought in the corn belt 
and a massive storm that caused broad devastation in the mid-Atlantic states, turns out to have been the 
hottest year ever recorded in the contiguous United States. 
The temperature differences between years are usually measured in fractions of a degree, but last year blew 
away the previous record, set in 1998, by a full degree Fahrenheit. And 34,008 new daily high records were 
set at weather stations across the country, compared with only 6,664 new record lows, according to a count 
maintained by the Weather Channetmeteorologist Guy Walton, using federal temperature records. That 
ratio, which was roughly in balance as recently as the 1970s, has been out of whack for decades as the 
country has warmed, but never by as much as it was last year. 
As I wrote in last week's Weekend Readings, two major scientific reports recently concluded that unless we 
slow the release of global emissions from fossil fuels, slow it enough to keep the planet's temperature from 
rising by two degrees Celsius, (or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit), the earth's polar ice sheets will melt away -- with 
catastrophic consequences, such as Hurricane Sandy and the other extreme weather of the past two years, 
is just the beginning. 
Again four, five degrees, may not sound like very much as we see the temperature change more from night 
to day, but if you think about it as how the human body responds to temperature changes. Your body is 
usually at, 98.6 degrees. If your temperature rises by one degree you feel a little off, but you can still go to 
work. You're fine. When it rises by two degrees and you're now feeling sick, you're probably going to take 
the day off because you definitely don't feel good. And in fact, you're getting everything from hot flashes to 
cold chills, okay. At three you're starting to get really sick. And at four degrees and five degrees your brain 
is actually slipping into a coma, as you are dose to death. Obviously there is a no correlation between 
human body and the planet's temperature, but like the human body the planet is a finely tuned organism 
and climate change caysed by temperature change causes radical consequences. 
If the country's climate temperature can raise a full degree Fahrenheit in one year, this is a serious 
troubling sign, as experts are saying that when we go through the two-degree mark, we may be at the 
tipping point and on the way towards three degrees, four degrees and perhaps even six degrees Fahrenheit. 
Although the 2102 record temperature was framed in Fahrenheit it is more than half of a degree Celsius 
and should be a serious warning. 
Scientist and others point out that natural variability almost certainly played a role in last year's extreme 
heat and drought. But many of them expressed doubt that such a striking new record would have been set 
without the backdrop of global warming caused by the human release of greenhouse gases. And they 
warned that 2012 was likely a foretaste of things to come, as continuing warming makes heat extremes 
more likely. And the last year's record for the United States is not expected to translate into a global 
temperature record when figures are released in coming weeks. The year featured a La Nina weather 
pattern, which tends to cool the global climate over all, and scientists expect it to be the world's eighth or 
ninth warmest year on record. 
Assuming that prediction holds up, it will mean that them warmest years on record all fell within the past 
years, a measure of how much the planet has warmed. Nobody who is under 28 has lived through a 
month of global temperatures that fell below the 20th-century average, because the last such month was 
February 1985. Last year's weather in the United States began with an unusually warm winter, with 
EFTA01187953
--- PAGE 9 ---
relatively little snow across much of the country, followed by a March that was so hot that trees burst into 
bloom and swimming pools opened early. The soil dried out in the March heat, helping to set the stage for a 
drought that peaked during the warmest July on record. The drought engulfed 61 percent of the nation, 
killed corn and soybean crops and sent prices spiraling. Although it was not comparable to a severe drought 
in the 193os that created the legendary Dust Bowl, it si comparable to the big droughts in the 195os, Mr. 
Extensive records covering the lower 48 states go back to 1895; Alaska and Hawaii have shorter records 
and are generally not included in long-term climate comparisons for that reason. Mr. Crouch pointed out 
that until last year, the coldest year in the historical record for the lower 48 states, 1917, was separated from 
the warmest year, 1998, by only 4.2 degrees Fahrenheit. That is why the 2012 record, and its one degree 
increase over 1998, strikes climatologists as so unusual. 
In addition to being the nation's warmest year, 2012 turned out to be the second-worst on a measure called 
the Climate Extremes Index, surpassed only by 1998. Experts are still counting, but so far 11 disasters in 
2012 have exceeded a threshold of $ 1 billion in damages, including several tornado outbreaks; Hurricane 
Isaac, which hit the Gulf Coast in August; and, late in the year, Hurricane Sandy, which caused damage 
likely to exceed $6o billion in nearly half the states, primarily in the mid-Atlantic region. Among those big 
disasters was one bearing a label many people had never heard before: the derecho, a line of severe, fast-
moving thunderstorms that struck central and eastern parts of the country starting on June 29, killing 
more than 20 people, toppling trees and knocking out power for millions of households. 
For people who escaped both the derecho and Hurricane Sandy relatively unscathed, the year may be 
remembered most for the sheer breadth and oppressiveness of the summer heat wave. By the calculations 
of the climatic data center, a third of the nation's population experienced ro or more days of summer 
temperatures exceeding roo degrees Fahrenheit. 
Among the cities that set temperature records in 2012 were Nashville; Athens, Ga.; and Cairo, Ill., all of 
which hit 109 degrees on June 29; Greenville, S.C., which hit 107 degrees on July 1; and Lamar, Colo., 
which hit 112 degrees on June 27. And at the beginning of January, 61 percent of the country was still in 
moderate to severe drought conditions. 
Echoing my earlier my earlier offerings on global warming this week in the New York Times article - Heat, Flood or Icy Cold, 
Extreme Weather Rages Worldwide - by Sarah Lyall, she points out that people may remember 2012 as the year the weather spun 
off its rails in a chaotic concoction of drought, deluge and flooding, but the unpredictability of it all turns out to have been all too 
predictable: Around the world, extreme has become the new commonplace. 
Especially lately. China is enduring its coldest winter in nearly 30 years. Brazil is in the grip of a dreadful heat spell. Eastern Russia is so 
freezing — minus 50 degrees Fahrenheit, and counting — that the traffic lights recently stopped working in the city of Yakutsk. Bush 
fires are raging across Australia, fueled by a record-shattering heat wave. Pakistan was inundated by unexpected flooding in September. 
A vicious storm bringing rain, snow and floods just struck the Middle East. And in the United States, scientists confirmed this week what 
people could have figured out simply by going outside: last year was the hottest since records began. 
Although every year we experience extreme weather, but it's unusual to have so many extreme events around the world at once. The heat 
wave in Australia; the flooding in the U.K., and most recently the flooding and extensive snowstorm in the Middle East — it's already a 
big year in terms of extreme weather calamity. Such events are increasing in intensity as well as frequency and a sign that climate change 
is not just about rising temperatures, but also about intense, unpleasant, anomalous weather of all kinds. 
In Britain, people are used to thinking of rain as the wallpaper on life's computer screen — an omnipresent, almost comforting 
background presence. But even the hardiest citizen was rattled by the near-biblical fierceness of the rains that bucketed down, and the 
floods that followed, three different times in 2012. Rescuers plucked people by boat from their swamped homes in St. Asaph, North 
Wales. Whole areas of the country were cut off when roads and train tracks were inundated at Christmas. In Megavissey, Cornwall, a pub 
owner closed his business for good after it flooded 11 times in two months. 
It was no anomaly: the floods of 2012 followed the floods of 2007 and also the floods of 2009, which all told have resulted in nearly $6.5 
billion in insurance payouts. The Met Office, Britain's weather service, declared 2012 the wettest year in England, and the second-wettest 
in Britain as a whole, since records began more than 100 years ago. Four of the five wettest years in the last century have come in the past 
decade (the fifth was in 1954). The biggest change, said Charles Powell, a spokesman for the Met Office, is the frequency in Britain of 
"extreme weather events" — defined as rainfall reaching the top 1 percent of the average amount for that time of year. Fifty years ago, 
such episodes used to happen every too days; now they happen every 70 days, he said. 
EFTA01187954
--- PAGE 10 ---
The same thing is true in Australia, where bush fires are raging across Tasmania and the current heat wave has come after two of the 
country's wettest years ever. On Tuesday, Sydney experienced its fifth-hottest day since records began in 1910, with the temperature 
climbing to 108.1 degrees. The first eight days of 2013 were among the 20 hottest on record. Every decade since the 1950s has been hotter 
in Australia than the one before, said Mark Stafford Smith, science director of the Climate Adaptation Flagship at the Commonwealth 
Scientific and Industrial Research Organization. 
To the north, the extremes have swung the other way, with a band of cold settling across Russia and Northern Europe, bringing thick 
snow and howling winds to Stockholm, Helsinki and Moscow. (Incongruously, there were also severe snowstorms in Sicily and southern 
Italy for the first time since World War  in December, tornadoes and waterspouts struck the Italian coast.) In Siberia, thousands of 
people were left without heat when natural gas liquefied in its pipes and water mains burst. Officials canceled bus transportation between 
cities for fear that roadside breakdowns could lead to deaths from exposure, and motorists were advised not to venture far afield except 
in columns of two or three cars. In Altai, to the east, traffic officials warned drivers not to use poor-quality diesel, saying that it could 
become viscous in the cold and clog fuel lines. 
Meanwhile, China is enduring its worst winter in recent memory, with frigid temperatures recorded in Harbin, in the northeast. In the 
western region of Xinjiang, more than 1,000 houses collapsed under a relentless onslaught of snow, while in Inner Mongolia, 180,000 
livestock froze to death. The cold has wreaked havoc with crops, sending the price of vegetables soaring. Way down in South America, 
energy analysts say that Brazil may face electricity rationing for the first time since 2002, as a heat wave and a lack of rain deplete the 
reservoirs for hydroelectric plants. The summer has been punishingly hot The temperature in Rio de Janeiro climbed to 109.8 degrees 
on Dec. 26, the city's highest temperature since official records began in 1915. 
At the same time, in the Middle East, Jordan is battling a storm packing torrential rain, snow, hail and floods that are cascading through 
tunnels, sweeping away cars and spreading misery in Syrian refugee camps. Amman has been virtually paralyzed, with cars abandoned, 
roads impassable and government offices closed. Israel and the Palestinian territories are grappling with similar conditions, after a week 
of intense rain and cold winds ushered in a snowstorm that dumped eight inches in Jerusalem alone. 
In Britain, where changes to the positioning of the jet stream — a ribbon of air high up in the atmosphere that helps steer weather 
systems — may be contributing to the topsy-turvy weather, people are still recovering from the December floods. In Worcester last week, 
the river Severn remained flooded after three weeks, with playing fields buried under water. Climate change is real. It is here. And it is 
everywhere. And if man-made carbon emissions is adding to it, we may be closer to the tipping point of no return then ever imagined. 
**** 
You really have to have some cojones when your reckless fraudulent practices brought the world's 
economy to the brink of collapse, causing the US government to provide $182 billion in taxpayer's 
money for to bail you out, and then have the gall to consider suing the government who saved you from 
losing everything, in addition to lawsuits and potential jail sentences. See article in the New York 
Times by Ben Protess and Michael J. de la Merced - Rescued by a Bailout, 
May Sue Its 
Savior and the New York Times editorial — A Mind-Boggling Claim. 
While the American International Group has been running a nationwide advertising campaign with 
the tagline "Thank you America," behind the scenes, the restored insurance company is weighing 
whether to tell the government agencies that rescued it during the financial crisis: thanks, but you 
cheated our shareholders. 
The board of A.I.G. met on Wednesday to consider joining a $25 billion shareholder lawsuit against 
the government, court records show. The lawsuit does not argue that government help was not needed. 
It contends that the onerous nature of the rescue - the taking of what became a 92 percent stake in the 
company, the deal's high interest rates and the funneling of billions to the insurer's Wall Street clients -
deprived shareholders of tens of billions of dollars and violated the Fifth Amendment, which prohibits 
the taking of private property for "public use, without just compensation." 
Maurice R. Greenberg, A.I.G.'s former chief executive, who remains a major investor in the company, 
filed the lawsuit in 2011 on behalf of fellow shareholders. He has since urged A.I.G. to join the case, a 
move that could nudge the government into settlement talks. Mr. Greenberg is an 87 -year-old former 
CEO of A.I.G. He was handpicked by its founder Cornelius Vander Starr in 1968 as his successor and 
held the position until 2005, when he stepped down amid a major leadership scandal and was replaced 
by Martin J. Sullivan. He was subsequently the subject of New York State accounting fraud and other 
civil charges which are still unresolved. 
Starr argued that the actions violated the Fifth Amendment. "The government is not empowered to 
trample shareholder and property rights even in the midst of a financial emergency," the Starr 
EFTA01187955
--- PAGE 11 ---
complaint says. The Treasury Department declined to comment. A spokesman for the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, Jack Gutt, said, "There is no merit to these allegations." He noted that "A.I.G.'s 
board of directors had an alternative choice to borrowing from the Federal Reserve, and that choice 
was bankruptcy." 
A federal judge in Manhattan agreed, dismissing the case in November. In an 89-page opinion, Judge 
Paul A. Engelmayer wrote that while Starr's complaint "paints a portrait of government treachery 
worthy of an Oliver Stone movie," the company "voluntarily accepted the hard terms offered by the one 
and only rescuer that stood between it and imminent bankruptcy." The United States Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit recently agreed to review the case on an expedited timeline. The judge in the 
United States Court of Federal Claims in Washington, meanwhile, has declined to dismiss the case and 
continues to await A.I.G.'s decision. 
Some government officials are already upset with the company for even seriously entertaining the 
lawsuit, people briefed on the matter said. The people, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, 
noted that without the bailout, A.I.G. shareholders would have fared far worse in bankruptcy. "On the 
one hand, from a corporate governance perspective, it appears they're being extra cautious and 
careful," said Frank Partnoy, a former banker who is now a professor of law and finance at the 
University of San Diego School of Law. "On the other hand, it's a slap in the face to the taxpayer and 
the government." This is why the MG executives should have been criminally prosecuted. 
The allegations ignore the fact that in September 2008 when the government stepped in to help A.I.G., 
no private investors were willing to finance the company, which many feared had been made insolvent 
by its enormous bets on mortgage-related investments. In fact, just four months before the bailout, Mr. 
Greenberg himself described the situation at the company as a "crisis." Had the Treasury and Federal 
Reserve not stepped in, A.I.G. would have filed for bankruptcy protection, wiping out its shareholders 
and institutions that it did business with. 
If Mr. Greenberg and A.I.G. are truly interested in holding someone to account for the losses that the 
company's shareholders have suffered, they should look within. Why not sue the executives who 
pushed the company into making toxic investments or the board members who did a poor job 
supervising management? They are far more responsible for the losses the shareholders suffered than 
the government, which cleaned up the mess at a substantial risk to taxpayers. 
The Treasury recently sold its remaining stake in the company for more than it invested, but it could 
very well have suffered huge losses had the Obama administration and Congress not taken steps to 
stabilize the economy and the housing market. A.I.G. should be praising, not suing, the government. 
And, in fact, the company has been running TV ads thanking the country for coming to its rescue . 
A.I.G.'s directors should keep those ads and the history of the bailout in mind and so should the 
government and US taxpayers. Thank God that AIG's board of directors decide against joining 
Greenberg's lawsuit, as this would have given black eyes to MG, the government and the American 
taxpayers. 
As David Brooks wrote in the New York Times this week in his article — Why Hagel Was 
Picked, although Americans don't particularly like government, they definitely want government to 
subsidize their health care. And they believe that health care spending improves their lives more than 
any other public good. Medicare spending is set to nearly double over the next decade. This is the 
crucial element driving all federal spending over the next few decades and pushing federal debt to 
about 25o percent of G.D.P. in 3o years. As such there are no conceivable tax increases that can keep 
up with this spending rise and the Democrats had their best chance in a generation to raise revenue 
EFTA01187956
--- PAGE 12 ---
just now, and all they got was a measly $600 billion over 10 years. This is barely a wiggle on the 
revenue line and does nothing to change the overall fiscal picture. 
As a result, health care spending, which people really appreciate, is squeezing out all other spending, 
which they value far less. Spending on domestic programs — for education, science, infrastructure and 
poverty relief — has already faced the squeeze and will take a huge hit in the years ahead. President 
Obama excoriated Paul Ryan for offering a budget that would cut spending on domestic programs 
from its historical norm of 3 or 4 percent of G.D.P. all the way back to 1.8 percent. But the Obama 
budget is the Ryan budget. According to the Office of Management and Budget, Obama will cut 
domestic discretionary spending back to 1.8 percent of G.D.P. in six years. 
Advocates for children, education and the poor don't even try to defend their programs by lobbying for 
cutbacks in Medicare. They know that given the choice, voters and politicians care more about middle-
class seniors than about poor children. So far, defense budgets have not been squeezed by the 
Medicare vice. But that is about to change. Oswald Spengler didn't get much right, but he was certainly 
correct when he told European leaders that they could either be global military powers or pay for their 
welfare states, but they couldn't do both. 
Europeans, who are ahead of us in confronting that decision, have chosen welfare over global power. 
European nations can no longer perform many elemental tasks of moving troops and fighting. As late 
as the 199os, Europeans were still spending 2.5 percent of G.D.P. on defense. Now that spending is 
closer to 1.5 percent, and, amid European malaise, it is bound to sink further. The United States will 
undergo a similar process. The current budget calls for a steep but possibly appropriate decline in 
defense spending, from 4.3 percent of G.D.P. to 3 percent, according to the Congressional Budget 
Office. As Brooks points out, defense planners are notoriously bad at estimating how fast postwar 
military cuts actually come. After Vietnam, the cold war and the 1991 gulf war, they vastly 
underestimated the size of the cuts that eventually materialized. And those cuts weren't forced by the 
Medicare vice. 
As the federal government becomes more of a health care state, there will have to be a generation of 
defense cuts that overwhelm anything in recent history, with Medicare being the last to be cut. Brooks 
opt-ed suggest that cutting military funding is the country's biggest security threat. And that 
Republican and highly decorated Chuck Hagel, provides a Democrat President political cover to cut 
defense funding to European levels. Brooks blames voters for any American military decline. I see it 
differently. Our military budget is larger than the next 17 countries combined and we are no safer than 
any of our allies. Hence this is a waste of money and at least an inefficient use of taxpayers' money. 
And the fact that Hagel is not a neocon looking for the next enemy/war, allows the country to 
recalibrate its defense strategy and hopefully will keep us out of unnecessary military conflict. 
As Robert Samuelson wrote this week in The Washington Post - if we can't kill farm subsidies, what can we 
kill? Government subsidies began in the 1930s to protect small farms, which are down by 70% with $10 to $15 
billion going to large corporate farming. On top of this, farmers don't need subsidies to stay profitable as farm 
income in 2011 and 2012 ($135 billion and $133 billion, respectively) were the highest and second-highest ever 
and would have been without subsidies. Subsidies were initially instituted as an antidote for above-average 
instability, such as floods, droughts, insects and wide price swings. But this is no longer true because of 
technology and sophisticated hedging practices. Obviously government support for agricultural research and 
food safety is justified but direct subsidies to farmers can't, because if they ended tomorrow, wheat would still 
be grown in Kansas. 
While many agricultural direct payments to farmers have been eliminated, the savings have been diverted into 
a new subsidy ("agriculture risk coverage") and expanded crop insurance, with crop insurance going from $1.5 
EFTA01187957
--- PAGE 13 ---
billion in 2002 to $7.4 billion in 2011. Hence the shell game continues. Farm subsidies are a metaphor for our 
larger predicament. We no longer have the luxury — as we did for decades — of carrying marginal, ineffectual 
or wasteful programs. We can no longer afford subsidies for those who don't need them or, at least, don't need 
so many of them (including affluent Social Security and Medicare recipients). If we can't eliminate the least 
valuable spending, then we will be condemned to perpetually large deficits, huge tax increases or 
indiscriminate cuts in many federal programs, the good as well as the bad. 
Despite a deficit obsession, Americans still seem ill-informed about the magnitude of the gaps. A recent CBO 
report is illuminating. Even with a full economic recovery, current policies imply annual deficits over the next 
decade averaging 5 percent of the economy (gross domestic product); by 2022, federal debt to GDP would hit 
percent (the 2007 figure: 36 percent). Balancing the budget in 2020 would require $1 trillion of spending 
cuts or tax increases. The recent "fiscal cliff" agreement hardly alters these forecasts because it closes only 
about 8 percent of the next decade's projected deficits, estimates the Committee for a Responsible Federal 
Budget. 
Government needs reappraisal. Programs shouldn't be immortal in the face of changing economic and social 
conditions. What's no longer justified should be discarded. Unfortunately, President Obama has evaded and 
discouraged this discipline. Republicans emphasize spending control but are often hypocritical on specifics. 
Significant deficit reduction is likely to require a combination of policies, many of which may stand in stark 
contrast to policies now in place." Still, agriculture would be a good starting point. Samuelson: In 2013, 
Congress will continue debating a farm bill. It would be refreshing, if surprising, to see subsidies phased out 
because — whatever their historical justification — they're no longer needed. 
***** 
I love Thomas Friedman because he often thinks out of the box, and this week in the New York Times, he wrote 
- The Market and Mother Nature - suggesting that the government use carbon tax to reduce the deficit as 
America's debt-to-G.D.P. ratio which has grown from 36.2 percent in 2007 to 72.8 percent today. Most 
economists believe that countries that allow their debt-to-G.D.P. ratios to exceed 90 percent experience slower 
growth and greater instability — much like hitting a climate tipping point. And for those who would point to 
low interest rates today as some kind of "all-clear" for more debt "should remember that market interest rates 
can change like the weather." 
For thousands of years up to the dawn of the industrial age 200 years ago, the Earth's atmosphere contained 
280 parts per million of the heat-trapping greenhouse gas carbon dioxide. Today, that number is nearly 400 
p.p.m., with 450 p.p.m. routinely cited as the tipping point where we create the conditions for out-of-control 
acceleration. Melting the permafrost in Alaska, Canada and Siberia, for example, would release massive 
amounts of carbon that would further increase global warming. Permafrost is packed with CO2 and frozen 
methane, which is 25 times more potent a greenhouse gas than CO2. And if the tundra continues melting, we 
could basically release the equivalent of all the carbon that all humanity has emitted from the start of history to 
now. — That would really send temperatures soaring, ice melting and sea levels rising. 
At some point, when we allow so much carbon to build up in the atmosphere, our mightiest efforts to cut 
emissions through energy efficiency, conservation and new technologies will only enable us to stay in place. 
They won't be able bend the curve downward anymore. And 450 p.p.m. is not a place we want to get stuck . 
And, at some point, the debt will get so large that big tax increases and spending cuts will simply go to pay 
interest. We also won't be able to bend that curve anymore, and spending on infrastructure, education and the 
poor will vanish. 
Friedman: "I am struck by how many conservatives insist we must reduce the deficit immediately, but, on 
climate, say there is no urgency because, so far, temperature rise has been slight. (Although 2012 was the 
EFTA01187958
--- PAGE 14 ---
hottest year on record in the continental U.S.) One reason interest rates are so low is that they are being 
suppressed by the Federal Reserve's quantitative easing. That won't last. As for the climate, well, "Mother 
Nature doesn't do quantitative easing," Beware of nonlinear moves in both." 
Friedman: "We can't go off coal overnight, and we can't go into recession by cutting spending overnight, but 
we need to start tapping on the brakes in both realms by agreeing on spending cuts, tax increases and new 
investments that would be phased in as the economy improves, as well as higher efficiency standards for power 
plants, buildings, vehicles and appliances that would be phased in, too. A carbon tax would reinforce and make 
both strategies easier. According to a September 2012 study by the Congressional Research Service, a small 
carbon tax of $20 per ton — escalating by 5.6 percent annually — could cut the projected 10-year deficit by 
roughly 50 percent (from $2.3 trillion down to $1.1 trillion). 
What would you rather do to help solve our fiscal problem: Give up your home mortgage deduction and wait 
two more years for Social Security and Medicare, or pay a little extra for gasoline and electricity? These will be 
our chokes. I'd rather pay the little carbon tax, especially since it would clean up the air for our kids, drive 
innovation and make us less dependent on the most unstable region in the world: the Middle East. How could a 
carbon tax not be on the table today?" 
This week in the New York Times, Stephen Castle — Signs of a Rift in British Coalition Over European 
Union. Nick Clegg, the deputy prime minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats, said risking Britain's 
membership in the union was perilous, and he mocked a long-awaited speech on E.U. policy that Mr. Cameron is 
expected to make in the Netherlands before the end of the month. Nick Clegg's party supports the 27-nation 
bloc, European Union feels that both the Prime Minister and Conservatives are weakening their relationship with 
the world's largest single market, accounting for one in ten jobs in the UK. 
The political temperature rose following an unusual, on-the-record intervention on Wednesday, in which a senior 
United States official argued that Britain was a more useful ally if it remained fully engaged in the European 
Union. Speaking in London, Philip Gordon, the assistant secretary of state for Europe, added that referendums 
held by other nations on E.U. agreements "have sometimes turned countries inward." Britons pride themselves 
on their "special relationship" with Washington, and the possibility that it would be weakened by a movement 
away from the European Union is problematic for Mr. Cameron. 
Mr. Cameron, whose Conservative lawmakers are increasingly critical of the European Union, said he wants to 
renegotiate Britain's relationship with the bloc and will seek consent from voters for the outcome of those talks. 
Many observers expect him to make an explicit promise of a referendum in his upcoming speech — in part 
because Mr. Cameron's party risks losing support to the Independence Party, which wants Britain to leave the 
union. Mr. Cameron's official spokesman played down the controversy. "The prime minister's view is that it is 
in the British national interest to be in the E.U., but he wants to change that relationship with the E.U. and to 
seek fresh consent for it," he said 
Sounds like just more political speak.... 
In an article this week in the New York Times — Europe's Debt Crisis: No Relief on the Horizon —
Suzanne Daley outlines the current economic status of the hardest hit countries in the European Union 
EFTA01187959
--- PAGE 15 ---
— Greece, Spain, Portugal, Ireland and Lativa, concluding that the economic and employment outlook still is 
bleak. Over the past year Greece, Spain, Portugal and Ireland have struggled to bring down their debts. They 
have raised taxes, laid off workers, reduced services and have begun charging for medical care that had been free 
for decades. Each country had its own formula. But they were joined in the misery of trying to make do on less 
— and then even less. Still no amount of cutting seemed to be enough. Businesses continued to fail at a rapid 
pace. Even many of those Europeans who thought they were safe lost their jobs. Those who had work saw their 
salaries reduced. Parents watched their children fly off to other countries looking for employment — or 
welcomed them back into their childhood rooms because they were losing their homes to foreclosure. 
Spain — with thousands of abandoned housing projects, where rotted, waist-high weeds sprouted from cracks 
in the sidewalks and soup kitchens strained to feed all who arrived. A growing number of people have turned to 
scavenging outside supermarkets and wholesale food distribution centers looking for edible throwaways. One 
Spanish town, Girona, found the practice such a health risk that it issued an ordinance to lock the city's garbage 
bins. The country continues to wrestle with the collapse of its housing boom. Its banks tried yet again to get a 
handle on their true loses, and the government worked to negotiate a bailout for them. But even that brought bad 
news. The European Commission approved a payment of $49 billion to four Spanish banks, but only on the 
condition that they lay off thousands of employees and close offices as part of their restructuring, a move that 
only contributed to a growing unemployment rate. Still regional and municipal governments continued to 
struggle with their own debts, making relationships with the central government tense. One of Spain's richest 
provinces, Catalonia, is threatening a referendum on independence, which many see as a way of pressuring 
Madrid to give the region back more of the money it earns. 
Portugal — For a time, Portugal was seen as a role model in the grinding crisis. In return for an international 
bailout, its government cut services and raised taxes while its citizens patiently endured the hardships. But that 
ended in 2012, when the government appeared to make one demand too many. After Prime Minister Passos 
Coelho offered a plan to shift the burden of social security payments from employers to workers, tens of 
thousands took to the streets. Although the measure was meant to lower labor costs, the protest from workers 
was so ferocious that Mr. Coelho was soon forced to withdraw it. With headlines of people committing suicide 
when police arrive to move them out and hundreds of thousands of mortgage holders watching things are still 
bleak. 
Greece — 2012 was another year of often violent demonstrations as a new government was elected and a 
fragile coalition worked to satisfy the requirements of the nation's creditors, who pressed relentlessly for more 
cuts. Greece once had an extensive public health care system that ensured near-universal coverage. But reducing 
costs yet again, public hospitals instituted new fees and co-payments that many poor and unemployed residents 
could not afford. At the same time, several drug companies, tired of not getting paid, stopped supplying some of 
their drugs to the country's hospitals. Many cancer patients could not afford the expensive drugs they needed. 
Meanwhile, with Greece's unemployment rate hitting 25 percent, and exceeding 50 percent for young people, 
social tensions were on the rise — between generations, public and private-sector workers, and the haves and 
have-nots. Illegal immigrants, blamed for taking jobs, became the target of attacks, particularly by members of 
an extreme right-wing group, Golden Dawn. Those attacks only fed the popularity of the party, which was seated 
in Parliament for the first time. 
EFTA01187960
--- PAGE 16 ---
Ireland — continued to struggle, too. The proportion of households without a working adult was the among 
highest in the European Union, and yet the government, under pressure from its creditors, undertook a series of 
cuts that reduced aid to the poorest, including child support payments. At the same time it increased property 
taxes. Hunger became an issue in several countries. In Greece, the government passed a law allowing 
supermarkets to sell expired food at discounted prices, while in Portugal and Spain soup kitchens strained to feed 
all who arrived. Cutbacks were felt in the schools, too. Some classrooms bulged with 50 or 60 students. Others 
suffered from a lack of heat and supplies. In one school district advertised for anyone willing to make donations 
for textbooks or a copying machine. Protests grew almost everywhere, with many people saying they could take 
no more. 
Latvia — One country that offered a somewhat rosier picture was Latvia, which four years ago was as 
desolate as the others. Now, however, some experts are hailing its progress as proof of the healing properties of 
austerity measures. At one point, Latvia which suffered many of the problems seen in other troubled nations — a 
growing hole in government finances, a banking crisis and falling competitiveness — laid off a third of its civil 
servants and slashed salaries and services. Its economy shriveled by more than 20 percent. But in 2012 its 
economy rebounded to grow by about 5 percent, making it the best performer in the 27-nation European Union. 
That figure, however, was hardly enough to improve the lot of the average Latvian. Some 30 percent of the 
population is "severely materially deprived," according to 2011 European Union statistics. 
Tracking Europe's Debt Crisis — New York Times — January 10, 2013 — The euro zone economy shows signs 
of stabilizing and may even be in a period of "positive contagion," Mario Draghi, the president of the European 
Central Bank, said as the bank left its main interest rate at a record low. Mr. Draghi said that market interest rates 
on government bonds have fallen, while stocks have risen. The flow of bank deposits from troubled countries has 
reversed and euro zone economies have become more competitive, he said. 
FRANCE: A banking overhaul bill rolled out by Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici was a far cry from the tough talk 
when Francois Hollande began his campaign for the French presidency in January. Debt/G.D.P.: 91.o% - Unemployment, 
September 2012:10.8% - S. & P. Rating: AA+ 
GERMANY: German imports slid 3.7 percent in November, while exports dropped 3.4 percent, resulting in a 
narrowing of Germany's trade surplus, new data showed, further evidence that troubles in the euro zone are 
straining its strongest member, Germany. Debt/G.D.P.: 82.8.2% - Unemployment, September 2012: 5.4% - S. & 
P. Rating: AAA 
GREECE: Standard & Poor's ratings agency upgraded Greece's credit rating by 6 notches to B-, lifting the 
debt-heavy country out of default but still keeping its devalued bonds in junk. • 
Debt/G.D.P.: 144.3% 
Unemployment, September 2012: 25.1% - S. & P. Rating: B- status. The agency also gave Greece a stable 
outlook, meaning it is less likely to change its rating again soon. 
EFTA01187961
--- PAGE 17 ---
ITALY: Italy's caretaker prime minister, Mario Monti, said that he would not run as a candidate in national 
elections that are expected in February, but was open to leading the government if parties that endorsed his pro-
Europe, pro-reform agenda asked. Debt/G.D.P.: 126.1% - Unemployment, September 2012: 10.8% - S. & P. 
Rating: BBB+ 
PORTUGAL: Portugal's economy shrank for an eighth quarter in the three months through September as the 
government and consumers reduced spending. Gross domestic product declined 0.9 percent from the second 
quarter, when it fell 1 percent, the National Statistics Institute said. Debt/G.D.P.: 117.5% - Unemployment, 
September 2012: 15.7% - S. & P. Rating: BB 
SPAIN: The European Commission approved a payment of €37 billion, or $48 billion, from the euro zone 
bailout fund to four Spanish banks on the condition that they lay off thousands of employees and close offices as 
part of their restructuring. Debt/G.D.P.: 76.0% - Unemployment, September 2012: 25.8% - S. & P. Rating: 
BBB- It was announced this week that Spanish banks will start repaying E260 billion, with Sabadell (Spain's 
fifth largest bank) saying that it plans to repay between 10 to 20% of the E24 billion this month. 
One of the living lions in international statesmanship is 89 year-old Shirmon Peres, currently President 
of Israel and part of his country's political landscape since its birth. Included in this weekend's 
offerings is an interview by RONEN BERGMAN in the New York Times - Shimon Peres on 
Obama, Iran and the Path to Peace. He has long been perceived as a moderating force on 
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin "Bibi" Netanyahu and a mediator between the Prime Minister and 
the international community that is losing patience with him. In a survey conducted by the Israel 
Democracy Institute, 84 percent of Jewish respondents said Peres was trustworthy, while 62 percent 
thought Netanyahu was. 
Earlier this year, President Obama awarded Peres the Presidential Medal of Freedom — America's 
highest civilian honor. But the ceremony served only to deepen the rift between Peres and Netanyahu, 
and three weeks later, as reports became more frequent that Netanyahu was planning to send bombers 
to Iran, Peres took advantage of his 89th-birthday celebrations to speak out publicly against an attack. 
The prime minister's office responded with ferocity, proclaiming, "Peres has forgotten what the 
president's job is," and recalling that in 1981, Peres opposed Prime Minister Menachem Begin's 
decision to bomb Iraq's nuclear reactor, an act that many Israelis consider a great achievement. There 
are those who believe Peres's confrontation with Netanyahu as one of the principal reasons that an 
attack on Iran has not yet materialized. 
As a protegee of David Ben-Gurion (the father of Israel), Peres became a top official in the Israeli's 
defense establishment at age 24. Peres is a man of the world, full of insights and curiosity that have 
not worn down over the years. Though he is about to enter his 90s, he recalls in vivid detail his 
encounters with central figures in the post-World War II era: a Soviet joke competition started by 
President Ronald Reagan, marathon drinking sessions with the German defense minister Franz Josef 
EFTA01187962
--- PAGE 18 ---
Strauss and what he learned from the founder of modern Singapore, Lee Kuan Yew. But when looking 
for a moral compass, it is Ben-Gurion, that Peres returns to time and again. 
Peres has been Israel's president since July 2007. He is a firm believer in the power of social networks. 
There is no move that he makes, no remark or observation that is not immediately reported by his 
staff (which is, with the exception of a military aide and a foreign-ministry representative, entirely 
female) on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. There was a time when Peres made frequent mention of 
his conception of "a new Middle East." Today, a new Middle East is indeed taking shape, but it is not 
the one he envisioned. 
"People usually tend to believe grim words, rather than positive ones," he told Bergman in December. 
"When you say, as I do, that you are a confirmed optimist, you are seen as unbalanced. But if you 
look at history, you will see that it is an ongoing failure for pessimism, not for optimism. It has 
befallen me to live for many years, and throughout them I have seen that faith triumphs more often 
than cynicism or skepticism. I think" — and here he expressed harsh criticism of Netanyahu without 
explicitly mentioning his name — "that if the people of Israel heard from the leadership that there is a 
chance for peace, they would take up the gauntlet and believe it." In closing, when ask by Bergman if 
he will you live to see peace in the Middle East, the eternal optimist Peres, "I think and believe so. If I 
have another 10 years to live, I am sure that I will have the privilege of seeing peace come even to 
this dismal and wonderful and amazing part of the world." 
 I pray that he lives another decade, 
because the world needs more men and women (especially leaders) 
like Shirmon Peres 
As Amitai Etzioni wrote in The Huffington Post this week in an article titled — The Conservative 'Party' 
Dominates, suggesting that although there is a very widely shared myth about "Washington," that there are 
two camps, the right-wing GOP and the left-leaning Democrats, who are more or less matched. And that each 
control one house of Congress, and command about half of the electorate. Hence, the gridlock. While much of 
American politics over the last four years or longer should be understood as a contest between the conservative 
"party" (most of the GOP and good part of the Democrats) and a liberal minority party. Recent case in point: 
On December 28, the conservative "party" in the Senate — 42 Republicans, 30 Democrats and one Independent 
-- voted to extend foreign intelligence law, known as FISA. The bill was opposed by civil liberty advocates for 
threatening Americans' right to privacy. 
Gridlock exists when one party pulls east and the other party pulls west and, hence, nothing budges. This is not 
the case in Washington. Most times, one party wants to move east and the other wants to stay put. Thus, what 
appears as gridlock is actually one conservative blocking victory, after another. The fact that the 2012 Congress 
passed only half as many bills as most previous ones does not trouble the conservatives one bit. Moreover, 
what legislation that was enacted was a long cry from what the liberals preferred. Thus, a conservative 
amendment to the 2010 budget that expanded the amount of wealth exempt from the estate tax to over $5 
million received support from all 41 Republican senators and 10 conservative Democrats, giving it the needed 
majority. Similarly, 24 Democrats helped push through a Republican proposal to establish a 60-vote threshold 
for the imposition of any new energy taxes during the next year's budget deliberations and 19 signed on to pass 
EFTA01187963
--- PAGE 19 ---
a Republican proposal to ban the use of federal funds by the EPA in enforcing lead paint regulations against 
specific contractors. 
On taxes, conservatives have managed to extend the Bush tax cuts throughout Obama's presidency, with 19 
House Democrats and 3 Senate Democrats joining Republicans in rejecting Obama's proposal to raise taxes on 
only the 2 percent of Americans who earn over $250,000 annually. All in all, 25 percent of all Republican 
victories in the 111th Congress were made possible by conservative Democratic votes. Others were carried by 
the GOP alone. This is no gridlock, but a conservative headlock. The stimulus package was much smaller than 
liberals believed necessary, and roughly a third of the package -- $286.9 billion -- was diverted to conservative 
preferences such as tax cuts, which, according to Keynesian economics, are much less stimulative than 
government spending. With tax cuts as the new Pork in government.... 
The Affordable Care Act is considered by some a liberal victory, but it was advanced without even granting a 
hearing to the preferred liberal option of a single-payer system. Even moderate liberal proposals such as a 
public option were quickly jettisoned as the Obama administration sought to secure the support of powerful 
interest groups. Restoring the Glass-Steagall Act -- which, prior to being repealed prevented commercial banks 
from acting as Wall Street casinos -- was never seriously considered. And when it came to national security, 
Obama followed or expanded the conservative policies of his predecessor. He signed an extension of the Patriot 
Act and expanded Bush-era policies of domestic surveillance. He was prevented from closing Guantanamo bay 
and from trying terror suspects in civil courts, as preferred by liberals. Moreover, Obama has carried out five 
times as many drone strikes than the Bush administration and was the first to authorize the targeted killing of 
U.S. citizens abroad. For much more documentation of my thesis, go here. 
A 2010 analysis of the Roberts Court described it as the "most conservative in decades," noting that four of the 
current justices are among the top six most conservative justices since 1937 and that Justice Kennedy -- who 
acts as the swing vote (though sides with conservatives about two-thirds of the time) -- is among the top 10. 
Thus, it should have come as no surprise that the Court, on a 5-4 decision, struck down the liberal McCain-
Feingold campaign finance law in its Citizens United ruling, effectively allowing corporations to secretly inject 
unlimited amounts of money into elections. The same is true of the Court's decision in District of Columbia v. 
Heller, wherein the Second Amendment was interpreted as an individualized right to bear arms as opposed to 
that of a "well-regulated militia." In short, pay no mind to the argument that Washington is not working or 
gridlocked. It works quite well, most times, for conservatives. Those who are out to change Washington -- better 
start by recognizing the way it actually works rather than being distracted by the myth that it is gridlocked. 
One of my favorite Americans is the Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist Paul 
Krugman who this week was the guest on Moyers & Company. In the show he argues that saving money is not 
the path to economic recovery. Instead, he tells Bill, that we should put aside our excessive focus on the deficit, 
try to overcome political recalcitrance, and spend money to put America back to work. Krugman offers specific 
solutions to not only end what he calls a "vast, unnecessary catastrophe," but to do it more quickly than some 
imagine possible. His latest book, End This Depression Now!, is both a warning of the fiscal perils ahead and a 
prescription to safely avoid them 
EFTA01187964
--- PAGE 20 ---
ON JACK LEW, NOT KRUGMAN HIMSELF, AS POSSIBLY THE NEXT TREASURY SECRETARY 
"I probably have more influence doing what I do now than I would if I were inside trying to do the court power 
games that come with any White House, which I don't think I'd be any good at... What the president needs right 
now is he needs a hard-nosed negotiator. And rumor has it that's what he's got." Watch this clip. 
ON SAVING VERSUS SPENDING 
"We're awash in excess savings. And if you decide to save more, it's not actually going to help society... If 
there's one crucial thing to understand about all this it is that the global economy, money moves around in a 
circle. And my spending is your income, and your spending is my income. And if all of us try to spend less 
because we want to save more, we don't succeed. All we end up doing is creating a global depression... the 
thing that all the evidence of history says works in a situation like this is the private sector won't spend, 
government can step in and provide the spending that we need in order to keep this economy afloat." 
ON THE POWER OF JOB CREATION 
"The only obstacles to putting people to work, to having those lives restored, to producing hundreds of billions, 
probably 900 billion a year or so of extra valuable stuff in our economy, is in our minds. If I could somehow 
convince the members of Congress and the usual suspects that deficit spending, for the time being, is okay, and 
that what we really need is a big job creation program, and let's worry about the deficit after we've had a solid 
recovery, it would all be over. It would be no problem at all... All the productive capacity is there. All that's 
lacking is the intellectual clarity and the political will." 
ON WHAT SHOULD BE OBAMA'S ECONOMIC PRIORITY 
"[Obama'sj policy priority right now should be doing whatever he can to at least move in the direction of the 
kinds of policies that we want for full employment, that we need for full employment. And that the obsessions 
of Washington about a grand bargain on the deficit are really pretty much beside the point right now. That, if 
given a choice between doing something that will help the economy in the next two years, and something that 
will allegedly settle our budget problems for all, you know, for all time, which it wouldn't, that he should go for 
the stuff that will help the economy now... 
We happen to have a very intelligent man as president. He's for real. And he does understand. You can have real 
discussions with him. And I think he understands that, although things have improved some... it's a glacial pace, 
compared with the way we should be... We cannot allow ourselves to be blackmailed into spending cuts, partly 
because blackmail should not be part of how the U.S. operates, and partly because spending cuts would be 
disastrous right now. So Obama's right to say he doesn't negotiate. I'd like to know exactly what he will do if it 
turns out that there is not a quorum of sane people in the Republican party." 
ON REPUBLICANS THREAT TO SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT 
"This is a guy walking into a crowded room and saying, "I have a bomb strapped to my chest, and if you don't 
give me what I want, I'm going to blow up everybody, including myself." And is that a credible threat? Well, 
there're some pretty crazy people there. And it might be that they're willing to do it. 
EFTA01187965
--- PAGE 21 ---
But by the same token, Obama cannot get into this because then you have government in the hands of -- never 
mind the Constitution, the government is run by whoever is most willing to wreak havoc with our whole system 
of — with the nation. We cannot allow ourselves to be blackmailed into spending cuts, partly because blackmail 
should not be part of how the U.S. operates, and partly because spending cuts would be disastrous right now. 
So Obama's right to say he doesn't negotiate. I'd like to know exactly what he will do if it turns out that there is 
not a quorum of sane people in the Republican party." 
ON THE LONG-TERM DAMAGE OF A BAD JOB MARKET 
"We have pretty good evidence on how long does it take to make up for the fact that you happen to graduate 
from college into a bad labor market. And the answer is forever... You'll miss years getting onto the career 
ladder. By the time you get a chance to get a job that makes any sense, you know, that makes any use of your 
skills, you will already be tarred as somebody, 'Well, you're 28 years old and you haven't held a responsible 
position?' 'Well, yeah, I couldn't because there were no jobs: It just shadows your whole life. And it's very clear 
in the evidence from past recessions, which have been nowhere near as bad as this one." Watch this clip. 
ON COVERING BOTH THE ECONOMY AND POLITICS 
"If you write about economics right now and implicitly adopt the perspective, 'Well, let's get reasonable people 
together in Washington and reach a solution here; you're paying no attention to reality. And, of course, if you 
talk about the politics without talking about the economics, you're also missing everything. So how could I not 
be writing about both?" 
"The outstanding faults of the economic society in which we live—" and this was the '20s and '30s, "are its 
failure to provide for full employment And its arbitrary and inequitable distribution of wealth and incomes." 
John Maynard Keynes 
In his masterpiece: The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money 
QUOTE OF THE WEEK 
Saying that politicians, media and the public, have a mutual responsibly to stay on point: 
"The Fiscal Cliff became a way to hypnotize all of us to avoid thought.. And we all sat around 
saying what are they going to do, what are they going to do.... Now we have the crisis of the debt 
ceiling and that will allow us to avoid thought " 
Newt Gingrich 
THIS WEEK'S MUSICAL OFFERINGS 
This week's musical offerings comes from my dear friend and big brother Quincy Jones, whom I 
have known for 35 years and traveled around the world. Beyond his musk he is a role model for 
EFTA01187966
--- PAGE 22 ---
anyone who sees the world globally recognizing that everyone's culture has something to 
contribute.... With this in mind, please enjoy this wea's music from my dear friend "Q".... 
There are very few people on the planet who has touched as many as Quincy Delight Jones, Jr. (born March 14, 
1933). He is a record producer, conductor, arranger, film composer, television producer, and trumpeter. His 
career spans five decades in the entertainment industry and a record 79 Grammy Award nominations, 27 
Grammys, including a Grammy Legend Award in 1991. In 1968, Jones and his songwriting partner Bob Russell 
became the first African Americans to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song; "The Eyes of 
Love" from the Universal Pictures film Banning. That same year, he became the first African American to be 
nominated twice within the same year for an Academy Award for Best Original Score for his work on the music 
of the 1967 film In Cold Blood. In 1971, Jones would receive the honor of becoming the first African American 
to be named musical director/conductor of the Academy Awards ceremony. 
He was the first African American to win the Academy's Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award, in 1995. He is 
tied with sound designer Willie D. Burton as the most Oscar-nominated African American, each of them having 
seven nominations. At the 2008 BET Awards, Quincy Jones was presented with the Humanitarian Award. He 
was played by Larenz Tate in Ray, the 2004 biopic about Ray Charles. In addition, Jones was the producer of 
the album Thriller, by pop icon Michael Jackson, which has sold more than 110 million copies worldwide, and 
was the producer and conductor of the charity song "We Are the World".He will be inducted into the Rock & 
Roll Hall of Fame in 2013 as the winner, alongside Lou Adler, of the Ahmet Ertegun Award. 
Born in Chicago, the oldest son of Sarah Frances (née Wells), an apartment complex manager and bank 
executive who suffered from schizophrenia, and Quincy Delight Jones, Sr., a semi-professional baseball player 
and carpenter. When he was 10, his family moved to Bremerton, Washington and he attended Seattle's Garfield 
High School. It was in Seattle that Jones, 14, first met a 17-year-old Ray Charles and developed musically under 
the tutelage of Robert Blackwell. His brother, Richard Jones, is a federal district court judge in Seattle, and has 
presided over several very high-profile cases, including the notorious Green River Killer Gary Ridgway. 
In 1951, Jones won a scholarship to the Schillinger House (now Berklee College of Music) in Boston, 
Massachusetts. However, he abandoned his studies when he received an offer to tour as a trumpeter with the 
bandleader Lionel Hampton. While Jones was on the road with Hampton, he displayed a gift for arranging 
songs. Jones relocated to New York City, where he received a number of freelance commissions arranging songs 
for artists like Sarah Vaughan, Dinah Washington, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Gene Krupa, and his close 
friend Ray Charles. In 1956, Jones toured again as a trumpeter and musical director of the Dizzy Gillespie Band 
on a tour of the Middle East and South America sponsored by the United States Information Agency. Upon his 
return to the United States, Jones got a contract from ABC-Paramount Records and commenced his recording 
career as the leader of his own band. 
In 1957, Quincy settled in Paris where he studied composition and theory with Nadia Boulanger and Olivier 
Messiaen. He also performed at the Paris Olympia. Jones became music director at Barclay Disques, the French 
distributor for Mercury Records. During the 1950s, Jones successfully toured throughout Europe with a number 
of jazz orchestras. As musical director of Harold Arlen's jazz musical Free and Easy, Quincy Jones took to the 
road again. A European tour closed in Paris in February 1960. With musicians from the Arlen show, Jones 
formed his own big band, called The Jones Boys, with 18 artists-plus their families—in tow. The band included 
jazz greats Eddie Jones and fellow trumpeter Reunald Jones, and organized a tour of North America and Europe. 
EFTA01187967
--- PAGE 23 ---
Though the European and American concerts met enthusiastic audiences and sparkling reviews, concert earnings 
could not support a band of this size, and poor budget planning made it an economic disaster; the band dissolved 
and the fallout left Jones in a financial crisis. Quoted in Musician magazine, Jones said about his ordeal, "We 
had the best jazz band in the planet, and yet we were literally starving. That's when I discovered that there was 
music, and there was the music business. If I were to survive, I would have to learn the difference between the 
two." Irving Green, head of Mercury Records, got Jones back on his feet with a personal loan and a new job as 
the musical director of the company's New York division, where he worked with Doug Moody, who would later 
go on to form Mystic Records. 
In 1964, Jones was promoted to vice-president of the company, thus becoming the first African American to hold 
such an executive position in a white-owned record company. In that same year, Quincy Jones turned his 
attention to another musical arena that had long been closed to blacks—the world of film scores. At the invitation 
of director Sidney Lumet, he composed the music for The Pawnbroker. It was the first of his 33 major motion 
picture scores. Following the success of The Pawnbroker; Jones left Mercury Records and moved to Los 
Angeles. After his film score for The Slender Thread, starring Sidney Poitier, he was in constant demand as a 
composer. His film credits in the next five years included Walk, Don't Run, In Cold Blood, In the Heat of the 
Night, A Dandy in Aspic, Mackenna's Gold, The Italian Job, Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, The Lost Man, Cactus 
Flower; and The Getaway. In addition, he also composed the theme for "The Streetbeater," which became 
familiar as the theme music for the television sitcom Sanford and Son, starring close friend Redd Foxx. 
In the 1960s, Jones worked as an arranger for some of the most important artists of the era, including Billy 
Eckstine, Sarah Vaughn, Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Peggy Lee, and Dinah Washington. Jones's solo 
recordings also garnered acclaim, including Walking in Space, Gula Matari, Smackwater Jack, You've Got It 
Bad, Girl, Body Heat, Mellow Madness, and I Heard That!!. He is well known for his 1962 tune "Soul Bossa 
Nova", which originated on the Big Band Bossa Nova album. "Soul Bossa Nova" was a theme for the 1998 
World Cup, the Canadian game show Definition, the Woody Allen film Take the Money and Run and the Austin 
Powers film series, and was sampled by Canadian hip hop group Dream Warriors for their song, "My Definition 
of a Boombastic Jan Style". Jones was also responsible for producing all four million-selling singles for Lesley 
Gore during the early and mid-sixties, including "It's My Party" (UK No. 8; US No. 1), "Judy's Turn To Cry" 
(US No. 5), "She's A Fool" (also a US No. 5) in 1963, and "You Don't Own Me" (US No. 2 for four weeks in 
1964). He continued to produce for Lesley until 1966, including the Greenwich/ Barry hit "Look of Love" (US 
No. 27) in 1965. Jones's 1981 album The Dude yielded multiple hit singles, including "Ai No Corrida" (a 
remake of a song by Chaz Jankel), "Just Once" and "One Hundred Ways", the latter two featuring James Ingram 
on lead vocals and marking Ingram's first hits. In 1985, Jones scored the Steven Spielberg film adaptation of The 
Color Purple. He and Jerry Goldsmith (from Twilight Zone: The Movie) are the only composers besides John 
Williams to have scored a Spielberg theatrical film. After the 1985 American Music Awards ceremony, Jones 
used his influence to draw most of the major American recording artists of the day into a studio to record the 
song "We Are the World" to raise money for the victims of Ethiopia's famine. When people marveled at his 
ability to make the collaboration work, Jones explained that he'd taped a simple sign on the entrance: "Check 
Your Ego At The Door". 
Starting in the late 1970s, Jones tried to convince Miles Davis to re-perform the music he had played on several 
classic albums that had been arranged by Gil Evans in the 1960s. Davis had always refused, citing a desire not to 
revisit the past. In 1991, Davis, then suffering from pneumonia, relented and agreed to perform the music at a 
concert at the Montreux Jazz Festival. The resulting album from the recording, Miles & Quincy Live at 
Montreux, was Davis' last released album (he died several months afterward) and is considered an artistic 
triumph. 
EFTA01187968
--- PAGE 24 ---
In 1993, Jones collaborated with David Salzman to produce the concert extravaganza An American Reunion, a 
celebration of Bill Clinton's inauguration as president of the United States. In 1994, Salzman and Jones formed 
the company Quincy Jones/David Salzman Entertainment (QDE) with Time/Warner Inc. QDE is a diverse 
company which produces media technology, motion pictures, television programs (In the House, The Fresh 
Prince of Bel-Air, and MADtv), and magazines (Vibe and Spin). In 2001, he published his autobiography, Q: 
The Autobiography of Quincy Jones. On July 31, 2007, Jones partnered with Wizzard Media to launch the 
Quincy Jones Video Podcast. In each episode, Jones shares his knowledge and experience in the music industry. 
The first episode features Jones in the studio, producing "I Knew I Loved you" for Celine Dion, which is featured 
on the Ennio Morricone tribute album, We All Love Ennio Morricone. Jones is also noted for helping produce 
Anita Hall's CD, Send Love, which was released in 2009. 
While working on the film The Wiz, Michael Jackson asked Jones to recommend some producers for Jackson's 
upcoming solo record. Jones offered some names, but eventually asked Jackson if he would like for him to 
produce the record. Jackson replied that he would, whereas the result, Off The Wall, ultimately sold about 20 
million copies and made Jones the most powerful record producer in the industry at that time. Jones' and 
Jackson's next collaboration Thriller has sold a reputed 110 million copies and has become the highest-selling 
album of all time. Jones also worked on Michael Jackson's album Bad, which has sold 45 million copies. Bad 
was the last time the pair would work together in the studio, although audio interviews with Jones feature on the 
2001 special editions of Off The Wall, Thriller and Bad. In a 2002 interview, when Jackson was asked if he 
would ever work with Jones again he replied, "The door is always open".[citation needed] However, in 2007, 
when NME asked Jones a similar question, he said "Man, please! We already did that. I have talked to him about 
working with him again but I've got too much to do. I've got 900 products, I'm 74 years old." 
Following Jackson's death on June 25, 2009, Jones said: "I am absolutely devastated at this tragic and 
unexpected news. For Michael to be taken away from us so suddenly at such a young age, I just don't have the 
words. Divinity brought our souls together on The Wiz and allowed us to do what we were able to throughout the 
'80s. To this day, the music we created together on Off The Wall, Thriller and Bad is played in every corner of 
the world and the reason for that is because he had it all...talent, grace, professionalism and dedication. He was 
the consummate entertainer and his contributions and legacy will be felt upon the world forever. I've lost my 
little brother today, and part of my soul has gone with him." 
Jones first worked with Frank Sinatra when he was invited by Princess Grace to arrange a benefit concert at the 
Monaco Sporting Club in 1958. Six years later, Sinatra hired him to arrange and conduct Sinatra's second 
album with Count Basie, It Might as Well Be Swing (1964). Jones conducted and arranged 1966's live album 
with the Basie Band, Sinatra at the Sands. Jones was also the arranger/conductor when Sinatra, Sammy Davis, 
Jr., Dean Martin, and Johnny Carson performed with the Basie orchestra in St. Louis, Missouri, in a benefit for 
Dismas House in June 1965. The fund-raiser was broadcast to a number of other theaters around the country and 
eventually released on DVD. Later that year, Jones was also the arranger/conductor when Sinatra and Basie 
appeared on The Hollywood Palace TV show on October 16, 1965. Nineteen years later, Sinatra and Jones 
teamed up for 1984's L.A. Is My Lady, after a joint Sinatra-Lena Home project was abandoned. 
Jones is a great admirer of Brazilian culture and a film on Brazil's Carnival is among his recent plans: "one of the 
most spectacular spiritual events on the planet"; Simone, whom he cites as "one of the world's greatest singers", 
Ivan Lins,Milton Nascimento and Gilson Peranzzetta, "one of the five biggest arrangement producers of the 
world"[24] stand as close friends and partners in his recent works. Jones had a brief appearance in the 1990 
video for The Time song "Jerk Out". Jones was a guest actor on an episode of The Boondocks in which he and 
the main character, Huey Freeman, co-produced a Christmas play for Huey's elementary school. He appeared 
EFTA01187969
--- PAGE 25 ---
with Ray Charles in the music video of their song 'One Mint Julep' and also with Ray Charles and Chaka Khan 
in the music video of their song "I'll Be Good to You". 
Personal life 
Jones has been married three times and has seven children: 
to Jeri Caldwell from 1957 to 1966; they had one daughter, Jolie Jones Levine. 
to Ulla Andersson from 1967 to 1974; they had two children, Martina Jones and son Quincy Jones III; 
to actress Peggy Lipton from 1974 to 1990; they had two daughters, actresses Kidada Jones and Rashida Jones. 
Jones also had a brief affair with Carol Reynolds and they had a daughter, Rachel Jones. 
Jones dated and lived with actress Nastassja Kinski from 1991 until 1995. In February 1993, their daughter 
Kenya Julia Miambi Sarah Jones was born. 
Social activism 
Jones's social activism began in the 1960s with his support of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Jones is one of the 
founders of the Institute for Black American Music (IBAM), whose events aim to raise enough funds for the 
creation of a national library of African American art and music. Jones is also one of the founders of the Black 
Arts Festival in his hometown of Chicago. In the 1970s Jones formed The Quincy Jones Workshops. Meeting at 
the Los Angeles Landmark Variety Arts Center, the workshops educated and honed the skills of inner city 
youth in musicianship, acting and songwriting. Among its Alumni were Alton Mc Clain who had a hit song with 
Alton Mc Clain and Destiny, and Mark Wilkins who co-wrote the hit song "Havin' A Love Attack" with Mandrill 
and went on to become the National Promotion Director for Punk / Thrash record label Mystic Records. For 
many years, he has worked closely with Bono of U2 on a number of philanthropic endeavors. He is the founder 
of the Quincy Jones Listen Up Foundation, a nonprofit that connects youths with technology, education, culture 
and music. One of the organization's programs is an intercultural exchange between underprivileged youths from 
Los Angeles and South Africa. In 2004, Jones helped launch the We Are the Future (WAF) project, which gives 
children in poor and conflict-ridden areas a chance to live their childhoods and develop a sense of hope. The 
program is the result of a strategic partnership between the Global Forum, the Quincy Jones Listen Up 
Foundation and Hani Masri, with the support of the World Bank, UN agencies and major companies. The project 
was launched with a concert in Rome, Italy, in front of an audience of half a million people. Jones supports a 
number of other charities including the NAACP, GLAAD, Peace Games, AmfAR and The Maybach 
Foundation. Jones serves on the Advisory Board of HealthCorps. On July 26, 2007, he announced his 
endorsement of Hillary Clinton for president. But with the election of Barack Obama, Quincy Jones said that his 
next conversation "with President Obama [will be] to beg for a secretary of arts,"[34] prompting the circulation 
of a petition on the Internet asking Obama to create such a Cabinet-level position in his administration. In 2001, 
he became an honorary member of the Board of Directors of The Jazz Foundation of America. Jones worked 
with The Jazz Foundation of America to save the homes and the lives of America's elderly jazz and blues 
musicians including those who survived Hurricane Katrina. Jones and his friend John Sie, founder of Liberty 
Starz, worked together to create the Global Down Syndrome Foundation, the founding of which was inspired by 
Sie's granddaughter, Sophia, who has Down syndrome. 
EFTA01187970
--- PAGE 26 ---
Quincy Jones — We Are The World -- https://www.youtube.comlwatch?v=OoDY8ce_3zk
Quincy Jones — The Secret Garden (HQ) Ft. Barry White, Al B Sure, El DeBarge, James Ingram —
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bChCRga3djw
Quincy Jones — If I Ever Lose This Heaven -- https://www.youtube.cornAvatch? 
v=dzA_gdoHhtA&playnext=l&list=AL94UKMTqg-9BXBIwML8VS-n0viKmbm4Ry 
Quincy Jones - Birdland 
https://www.youtube.corn/watch?v=k-uQMASvI3A&Iist=AL94UKMTqg-
9BXBIwML8VS-n0viKmbm4Ry 
Quincy Jones - Body Heat -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYuA c 6if8&list=AL94UKMTqg-
9BXBIwML8VS-n0viKmbm4Ry 
Quincy Jones — Back On The Block -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=WorFltoWII0&Iist=AL94UKMTqg-9BXBIwML8VS-n0viKmbm4Ry 
Quincy Jones, Ray Charles & Chaka Khan — I'll Be Good To You -- https://www.youtube.comlwatch? 
v=k14BWx0fyjw 
Quincy Jones with the Brothers Johnson on Soul Train — https://www.youtube.cornAvatch?v=1-udiPNOUEE 
Quincy Jones, Chaka Khan & Simply Red live — Everything Must Change --
https://www.youtube.corn/watch?v=kYY2kuUnp
Quincy Jones on Michael Jackson — https://www.youtube.comlwatch?v=A9zGxvV3nAk 
Quincy Jones - Walking In Space -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lavu4Psw1qM
Quincy Jones — Tevin Campbell - Tomorrow (A Better You, Better Me) -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=WPrHx2sSdDs 
Quincy Jones — We Are The World 25 For Haiti - Official Video -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
al
wAjSciVI
Quincy Jones — Listen Up The Lives Of Quincy 1990 (Full Movie HD) -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=8sCMawlwalU 
I hope that you have enjoyed this week's offerings and again, I wish you and the ones that you love a 
great 2013 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Partners. LLC 
US: 
Tel: 
Fax 
EFTA01187971
--- PAGE 27 ---
SL 
EFTA01187972

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187973.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 14 Jan 2013 03:17:12 +0000 
Attachments: photojpg; photo(1)jpg; photo(2)jpg; photo(3)jpg 
EFTA01187973

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187974.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187974

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187975.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187975

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187976.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187976

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187977.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01187977

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Haddad, Tonja 1/1212013 
For Educational Use Only 
Donahue v. Hebert, 355 So.2d 1264 (1978) 
355 So.2d 1264 
District Court of Appeal of Florida, Fourth District. 
Richard V. DONAHUE, Appellant, 
v. 
Howard N. HEBERT, Appellee. 
No. m888. I March 14, 1978. 
Defendant in libel suit objected to interrogatories directed 
to him. The Circuit Court for Brevard County, Virgil B. 
Conkling, J., denied defendant's 
objections, and 
defendant sought review by interlocutory appeal. The 
District Court of Appeal, Downey, J., held that: (I) order 
denying objections to interrogatories was not reviewable 
by interlocutory appeal, but would be treated as petition 
for writ of certiorari, and (2) petition for writ of certiorari 
filed by defendant seeking review of order denying his 
objections to ten interrogatories relating to his interest in 
any partnerships, joint ventures, or single proprietorships 
during previous five years, his income, bank accounts, 
safety depositories and transfers of property, all within 
previous three years, and present ownership of real and 
personal property and value thereof, would be denied. 
Petition denied. 
West Headnotes (4) 
Itl 
Appeal and Error 
4-Relating to Witnesses, Depositions, Evidence, 
or Discovery 
Order denying objections to interrogatories in 
action formerly cognizable at law is not 
reviewable by interlocutory appeal. 
I Cases that cite this headnote 
Pretrial Procedure 
4-Objections and Protective Orders 
As regards discovery of financial resources of 
defendant in libel suit when punitive damages 
are properly sought, trial court should always be 
sensitive to protection of party from harassment 
and from overly burdensome inquiry. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
111 
Pretrial Procedure 
4-Particular Subjects of Disclosure 
In libel suit in which punitive damages were 
sought, discovery pertaining to the defendant's 
financial affairs for the three previous years was 
a reasonable period and allowing inquiry for the 
previous five years as to business relationships 
such as sole proprietorships, partnerships and 
joint ventures was not an abuse of discretion. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
Pretrial Procedure 
4-Particular Subjects of Disclosure 
Discovery of financial affairs of a defendant 
against whom punitive damage] is sought may 
not be restricted to the furnishing of a financial 
statement sworn to by the party furnishing it; 
receding from Gamer v. Keen, 347 So.2d 663. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
Attorneys and Law Firms 
*1264 William H. Harrell, of Reinman, Harrell & 
Silberhorn, Melbourne, for appellant. 
William C. Potter, of Nabors, Potter, McClelland & 
Griffith, Melbourne, for appellee. 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187978
--- PAGE 2 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Donahue v. Hebert, 355 So.2d 1264 (1978) 
Opinion 
DOWNEY, Judge. 
In Appellant seeks review by interlocutory appeal of an 
order denying his objections to interrogatories directed to 
him in a libel suit. Such an order in an action formerly 
cognizable at law is not reviewable by interlocutory 
appeal, but we will treat the matter as a Petition for Writ 
of Certiorari. Obviously, if Donahue answers the 
interrogatories, 
the 
departure 
from 
the 
essential 
requirements of law, if such there be, cannot be rectified 
upon plenary appeal from the final judgment. Therefore, 
common law certiorari is the appropriate remedy. 
Appellee Hebert sued appellant Donahue for libel. After 
the cause was at issue Hebert directed sixteen 
interrogatories to Donahue, who answered six of them 
and objected to the other ten. The interrogatories to which 
Donahue objected related to the discovery of his financial 
resources, particularly to his 1) interests in any 
partnerships, joint ventures, or single proprietorships 
during the previous five years; 2) his income, bank 
accounts, safety depositories and transfers of property, all 
within the previous three years, and 3) present ownership 
of real and personal property and the value thereof. 
*1265 Donahue concedes that the financial resources of a 
defendant in a libel suit are an appropriate subject of 
discovery when punitive damages are properly sought. 
He also recognizes the broad discretion that inheres in the 
trial court in determining the perimeters of discovery, and 
that the exercise of that discretion will not be disturbed 
absent a clear abuse thereof. But Donahue seems to 
contend that when a defendant states his net worth under 
oath, or verifies a statement of his assets and liabilities, 
the inquiry into his finances must end. He phrases this 
contention in his brief as follows: 
. . . The Appellant would argue that by providing a 
financial statement executed under oath he has provided a 
'properly authenticated financial statement' in accordance 
with the principles as set forth in Tallahassee Democrat, 
Inc., supra. It should be presumed that when a citizen of 
the United States files with a court a sworn statement that 
he is telling the truth. It should not be a requirement that 
the Appellant not only provide a sworn financial 
statement, but, in addition, disclose all of his business 
activities so that the Appellee can investigate him and 
determine whether or not he is telling the truth. Such a 
procedure may be entirely appropriate in a post-judgment 
discovery proceeding. However, prior to judgment, the 
liability, if any, of the defendant has not even been 
established. The burden of proving any liability is, of 
course, on the Appellee and the Appellant carries with 
him, therefore, a presumption that he is not guilty of libel. 
The Appellee is seeking information to verify the 
Appellant's statement of financial net worth prior to even 
establishing liability on the part of the Appellant, and is, 
therefore, 'placing the cart before the horse.' " 
We suggest the foregoing statement misses the mark. 
However, there seems to be some confusion as to the 
proper direction and scope of discovery in determining 
the financial resources of a party in a law suit. Some 
authorities seem to suggest that a party can simply furnish 
a sworn statement of his current assets and liabilities to 
his opponent and thereby cut off any further aggressive 
inquiry into his true financial capacity to respond. We 
know from experience that one party frequently 
minimizes his financial ability to respond when it is an 
issue in a law suit, while the other party often has a 
tendency to inflate that same financial ability. Even under 
oath a party often seems to view another party's financial 
resources as great or small in direct proportion to the 
benefit which will accrue to that party. Thus, it is the 
height of naivete to suggest that a sworn statement of 
one's net worth must be accepted as the final word on that 
important subject. The search for forgotten or hidden 
assets is of the essence of the discovery process. The 
whereabouts of assets disclosed by a recent income tax 
return, or shown on a recent financial statement furnished 
in another situation when the current litigation was not 
envisioned is very definitely appropriate inquiry as is the 
bona fides of the recent disposition of assets. These are 
routine inquiries for every knowledgeable trial lawyer in 
cases in which the financial resources of a party is a 
relevant issue. One must be afforded reasonable latitude 
in double and cross checking a party's statements about 
his current net worth. This, of course, can be done by 
reviewing income tax returns, recent financial statements, 
and the myriad of other sources of financial information. 
As Judge Walden put it, speaking for this court in 
International Union of Operating Engineers v. Lassiter. 
295 So.2d 634 (Fla. 4th DCA 1974); rev'd on other 
grounds 314 So.2d 761 (FIa.1975): 
"And now back to the term 'financial 
resources' 
contained 
in 
the 
instruction. As stated, it is the broader 
concept and, depending upon the 
circumstances, there may well be 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S Government Works. 
EFTA01187979
--- PAGE 3 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Donahue v. Hebert, 355 So.2d 1264 (1978) 
additional proofs which would be 
helpful to the jury and court, which 
proofs would not be necessarily 
included in a defendant's balance 
sheet. Thus, the term gives the trial 
judge a more liberal standard to 
determine whether a given proffer of 
evidence is relevant and material. For 
instance, there could well be, and 
properly so, proof *1266 as to 
income, 
cash 
flow, 
expenses, 
anticipated 
income, 
anticipated 
diminutions of income, anticipated 
casualties and, as in the instant case, 
proofs as to assessments of the 
membership 
possibilities. 
These 
items, among other of like moment, 
would be receivable in addition to net 
worth figures under the scope of 
financial 
resources. All of this 
material, including the reflection of 
net worth, goes to make up a 
defendant's financial resources which 
the jury is entitled to consider in 
assessing 
_tt ive 
damages 
as 
commanded in Florida Standard Jury 
Instruction 6.12." 
121 
131 Among the various sources available to the 
discoverer are those which Hebert inquired about: bank 
accounts, depositories, present and recent ownership of 
property and its value, and any interests in various 
business arrangements. Inquiry pertaining to the three 
previous years is certainly a reasonable period and we 
cannot say that allowing inquiry for the previous five 
years as to the business relationships such as sole 
proprietorships, partnerships and joint ventures is an 
abuse of discretion. On the other hand, the trial court 
should always be sensitive to the protection of a party 
from harassment and from an overly burdensome inquiry. 
In view of the foregoing, if the case of Tallahassee 
Democrat, Inc. v. Pogue, 280 So.2d 512 (Fla. 1st DCA 
1973), can be read to restrict discovery in cases of this 
nature to the furnishing of a financial statement sworn to 
by the party furnishing it, we strongly disagree. Likewise, 
to the extent that our case of Gamer v. Keen, 347 So.2d 
663 (Fla. 4th DCA 1977), conflicts with what is said here, 
we recede therefrom. 
Accordingly, the Petition for Writ of Certiorari is denied. 
ANSTEAD and DAUKSCH, JJ., concur. 
End of Document 
C 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187980

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187981.pdf
----------------------------------------
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
714 So.2d 1027 
District Court of Appeal of Florida, 
Fourth District. 
Thomas John WOODWARD, a/k/a Tom Jones, 
Appellant, 
v. 
Katherine BERKERY, Appellee. 
Thomas John WOODWARD, a/k/a Tom Jones, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
The MIAMI HERALD PUBLISHING CO., and 
Katherine Berkery, Respondents. 
Nos. 97- 0398, 96-2483. I Feb. 4, 1998. 
Mother sought modification of New York judgments 
fixing amount of child support. The Circuit Court, 
Broward County, Robert A. Rosenberg and Charles M. 
Greene, D., ordered father to pay interim attorney's fees 
and to comply with mother's broad financial discovery 
requests. Father appealed and petitioned for writ of 
certiorari. The District Court of Appeal, Farmer, J., held 
that: (1) trial court should not have based interim fee 
award solely on financial resources of parties without 
considering whether matter was legally sustainable in 
Florida, and (2) father was entitled to have discovery 
orders quashed. 
Interim award of attorney's fees reversed, discovery 
orders quashed, and case remanded. 
West Fleadnotes (II) 
III 
Children Out-Of-Wedlock 
j -Costs 
Before entering order requiring father to pay 
$137,289 in interim court-awarded attorney's 
fees, expenses, and suit money in addition to 
$20,000 already paid voluntarily in action 
brought by mother to modify support judgment 
entered by New York court based on agreements 
of mother and father, trial court should not have 
based decision solely on financial resources of 
parties without considering equitable factors, 
including whether modification could be sought 
in Florida and if so to what extent orders were 
modifiable under New York law. U.S.C.A. 
Const. Art. 4, § I; 28 U.S.C.A. § 1738B; West's 
F.S.A. § 61.16(1). 
Divorce 
4F,Authority and discretion of court 
Trial court has broad discretion in setting 
interim awards of attorney's fees and suit money 
in family law cases, but that discretion does not 
exist in the abstract, and is instead a 
discrimination informed by legal principles. 
West's F.S.A. § 61.16(1). 
111 
Child Support 
faAttorney fees 
In post-settlement, post-judgment case seeking 
modification of child support, factors such as 
scope and history of litigation, duration of 
litigation, merits of respective positions, whether 
litigation is primarily intended to harass, and 
existence and course of prior or pending 
litigation, assume even greater importance in 
decision to award interim attorney fees. West's 
F.S.A. § 61.16(1). 
Divorce 
-' Nature of proceeding as factor in general 
In domestic relations cases seeking to modify or 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187981
--- PAGE 2 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Battery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
set aside settlement, one factor trial court should 
consider in deciding whether to award interim 
attorney fees is need to impose some "economic 
rationality" on party initiating the post-judgment 
litigation. West's F.S.A. § 61.16(1). 
I Cases that cite this headnote 
PI 
Children Out-Of-Wedlock 
P-Costs 
Divorce 
..Temporary and pendente lite awards 
Trial court's discretion in setting interim 
attorney's fees in family law matters is 
discretion related to determination of legally 
sustainable controversy, properly raised in a 
Florida court, and is not generalized discretion 
allowing trial court judge in every case to award 
amount that might generally be incurred in 
litigating fully contested divorce or paternity 
case. West's F.S.A. § 61.16(1). 
Cases that cite this headnote 
16I 
Children Out—Of—Wedlock 
...Preliminary proceedings 
Divorce 
4-Discovery 
Mandatory disclosure rule does not preclude 
trial court from dispensing with discovery 
beyond required financial affidavit in a given 
case; rather, provisions are so framed as to 
eliminate necessity to make formal request for 
this discovery and, instead, to make it 
responsibility of both parties to produce 
information without such a request. West's 
F.S.A. Family Law Rules of Proc., Rule 12.285. 
Irl 
Children Out—Of—Wedlock 
4-Preliminary proceedings 
Divorce 
4-Discovery 
Automatic discovery established by mandatory 
disclosure rule is subject to being limited or 
curtailed by trial court if there is some reason for 
doing so. West's F.S.A. Family Law Rules of 
Proc., Rule 12.285. 
Isl 
Certiorari 
4-Particular proceedings in civil actions 
Irreparable 
harm in discovery 
order 
is 
indispensable to enable court to review it by 
common-law certiorari. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
Certiorari 
4-Particular proceedings in civil actions 
For purposes of determining whether party 
would be irreparably harmed by discovery order 
such that order is reviewable by common law 
certiorari, 
discovery 
of 
financial 
worth 
information that is not material to any issue 
reasonably likely to be contested and that has 
been sought primarily to embarrass and bring 
undue pressure on litigant through unwarranted 
publicity, by disclosure of sensitive personal 
financial information to press, would be 
incurable by any possible action court could take 
on final appeal. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
1101 
Children Out-Of-Wedlock 
v-Preliminary proceedings 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187982
--- PAGE 3 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
Divorce 
4-Discovery 
Scope of discovery in modification proceeding 
is necessarily narrower 
than in plenary 
proceeding to establish need and amount of such 
support in first instance; any new discovery 
should properly be limited to precise change in 
circumstances properly alleged and cognizable 
in requested modification. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
lrrt 
Children Out—Of—Wedlock 
4Preliminary proceedings 
Father was entitled, on certiorari review, to have 
broad financial discovery orders quashed in 
child support modification proceeding, as trial 
court's failure to analyze need for requested 
discovery under unique circumstance of case 
was departure from essential requirements of 
law which if uncorrected would lead to 
irreparable harm; father's financial worth 
affidavit demonstrated undeniable ability to pay 
any reasonable increase in support, mother made 
clear her purpose to release to press any 
financial worth information she discovered, and 
real basis for modification attempt appeared to 
be mother's attempted relocation of litigation 
outside original jurisdiction fixing support to 
new jurisdiction which might employ different 
standards. West's F.S.A. Family Law Rules of 
Proc., Rule 12.285. 
Cases that cite this headnote 
Attorneys and Law Firms 
*1029 Edna L. Caruso of Caruso, Burlington, Bohn & 
Compiani, P.A., West Palm Beach, and Andrew S. 
Berman of Young, Berman & Karpf, P.A., North Miami 
Beach, for appellant-petitioner. 
Howard I. Weiss and David K. Friedman of Weiss & 
Handler, P.A., Boca Raton, for appellee-respondent 
Berkery. 
Jerold I. Budney, Miami, for respondent Miami Herald 
Publishing Co. 
Opinion 
CORRECTED OPINION 
FARMER, Judge. 
It's not unusual for a parent with custody of a young child 
to seek an increase in child support from the other parent; 
awards of interim attorney's fees in such cases are 
commonplace—as are disputes over discovery of finances 
and income. What makes today's cases unusual, however, 
is that the interim fees awarded and the discovery allowed 
raise substantial questions as to the rightful scope of both 
in modification proceedings where the prior judgment 
was based on an agreement between the parties. 
These cases arise from an action to modify New York 
judgments determining paternity and fixing the amount of 
support. The mother seeks to domesticate the New York 
judgments as a predicate to having a Florida court 
increase the amount of support due. That in turn raises its 
own questions as to the proper role of a new forum in 
modifying consent judgments relating to child support. 
On our own motion, we consolidate the cases and 
undertake to decide the issues together. 
I. Background and Facts 
Because context is everything, we first set the stage. The 
father is the well-known singer and entertainer, Tom 
Jones. He and the mother met after one of his concerts. 
After a relationship spanning a single encounter, they 
conceived the child who is the subject of this dispute.' In 
1988 the mother gave birth to a baby boy and thereafter 
brought a paternity action against Jones in a New York 
court. That court adjudicated Jones as the father. 
While the paternity adjudication was on appeal, the 
parties settled the case in 1989. Jones agreed to annual 
child support of $33,500 payable monthly, as well as 
WestlawNext" © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187983
--- PAGE 4 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/1212013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
lump sum payments of $37,433 for the mother's expenses 
and $59,000 for her attorney's fees. He also agreed to 
maintain a hospital and major medical benefit package 
(health benefits) for the child equivalent to the kind he 
provides to one of his own employees, but she would be 
responsible for all the child's *1030 medical expenses not 
covered by insurance. Finally, he agreed that he would 
pay all the costs of a private education for the boy, 
including tuition not less than that charged at the most 
expensive Ivy League universities. 
The agreement was subject to approval by a New York 
state agency and ultimately by the New York court itself. 
These approvals were sought under a New York statute 
that allowed the enforcement of nonmodifiable child 
support stipulations between consenting parents, subject 
to the approval of the court. The New York court 
approved this initial settlement agreement in 1989. That is 
the first of the two New York judgments sought to be 
modified by the present action. 
In 1992 the parents entered into a new agreement 
modifying their original agreement, whereby the mother 
released Jones from any further payment of health 
benefits in exchange for a one-time payment of $40,000. 
The New York court also approved this later agreement 
and modified the original child support judgment 
accordingly. That is the second New York judgment 
sought to be domesticated in the present action. 
It appears that the child resided in Florida when the 
mother sued Jones in New York for paternity and support. 
Having agreed with Jones in New York to a 
nonmodifiable amount of support, which was approved by 
the New York court, she nevertheless commenced this 
action in the Circuit Court in Broward County in 1996 to 
domesticate the New York judgments as a basis for 
seeking to modify them to increase the amount of support 
due and to reinstate the obligation to pay health benefits. 
Although he is not a resident of Florida, she served him 
with process while he was in this state in performance at a 
concert? Shortly after this point the two appellate cases 
were filed in this court. 
11. Nonfinal Appeal and Attorney's Fees 
art After commencement of her modification action, the 
mother filed a motion seeking temporary or interim 
attorney's fees, costs, and suit money under section 
61.16.3 The then assigned trial judge held a lengthy 
evidentiary hearing that stretched for more than four days. 
At the conclusion, Judge Rosenberg entered a 48—page 
order in which he ordered the father to pay the following 
sums in interim attorney's fees and suit money: (1) 
$71,489 for fees already incurred; (2) $65,800 for 
projected fees; (3) $4,533 in suit money for expenses 
already incurred; and (4) $52,052 in projected suit 
money.4 In short, the judge found $137,289 in interim 
court-awarded attorney's fees to be reasonable. Actually, 
however, Judge Rosenberg's order finds that the father 
had already made a prior—purely voluntary—payment of 
$20,000 in fees to the mother's counsel, so we are really 
talking about $157,289 in total interim attorney's fees for 
the mother's counsel. Moreover, his order stresses that 
"the projected attorney's fees and suit money are interim 
only, and other periodic payments may be necessary," 
citing our decision in Robbie v. Robbie, 591 So.2d 1006, 
1010-11 (Fla. 4th DCA 1991).5
*1031 (21 We recognize that the trial judge has broad 
discretion in setting interim awards of attorney's fees and 
suit money in family law cases. Robbie, 591 So.2d at 
1008. That discretion does not exist in the abstract, 
however, but is instead a discrimination informed by legal 
principles. The supreme court has recently held in Rosen 
v. Rosen, 696 So.2d 697 (Fla.1997), that Robbie and other 
cases are incorrect in holding that attorney's fees under 
section 61.16 are limited to consideration of the factors of 
the need of the party seeking such fees and the ability of 
the party from whom the fees are sought. As the court has 
now made clear in Rosen: 
"Under 
[section 
61.16], 
the 
financial resources of the parties 
are the primary factor to be 
considered. 
However, 
other 
relevant 
circumstances 
to 
considered include factors such as 
the scope and history of the 
litigation; the duration of the 
litigation; 
the 
merits 
of 
the 
respective positions; whether the 
litigation is brought or maintained 
primarily to harass (or whether a 
defense is raised mainly to frustrate 
or stall); and the existence and 
course 
of 
prior 
or 
pending 
litigation. 
Had 
the 
legislature 
intended to limit consideration to 
WestlawNext' © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187984
--- PAGE 5 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Battery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
the financial resources of the 
parties, the legislature easily could 
have said so." 
696 So.2d at 700. The court has further explained that: 
"section 
61.16 
should 
liberally—not 
restrictively—construed to allow 
consideration 
of 
any 
factor 
necessary to provide justice and 
ensure equity between the parties." 
Id. 
131 141 In this case, it is clear that the trial judge below 
based his determination of fees solely on the financial 
resources of the parties and failed to consider whether 
under the applicable equitable considerations explained in 
Rosen any award of fees would be proper in light of the 
peculiar circumstances' In a post settlement, post 
judgment case such as this, the factors identified in Rosen, 
other than the financial resources of the parties, assume 
even greater importance in the decision to award interim 
fees. In domestic relations cases seeking to modify or set 
aside a settlement, one factor the trial court should 
consider in deciding whether to award interim fees is the 
need to impose some "economic rationality" on the party 
initiating the post judgment litigation. See Oldham v. 
Oldham, 683 So.2d 579, 582 (Fla. 4th DCA 1996) (Polen, 
J., concurring). We therefore find it necessary to reverse 
the present fee award for just such a consideration. 
In light of the special deference owed to final judgments 
whether rendered by a court of this state or another, on 
remand it will be necessary for the trial court first to 
assess the precise nature of the dispute to be litigated 
before it can proceed to determine whether an interim 
award of additional fees beyond what Jones has already 
paid voluntarily is necessary or proper. This is, after all, 
not a plenary proceeding to establish paternity and fix the 
amount of support for the first time. It is instead an 
attempt by the custodial parent to modify a support 
judgment entered by a court in another state. Moreover, 
we stress, the New York judgments were entered upon 
agreements of the mother and father respecting the 
support obligations. Neither the agreements themselves, 
nor the judgments ratifying and enforcing these 
agreements, 
should 
be lightly disregarded in a 
modification proceeding brought in this state. 
Indeed, Jones argues that the Full Faith and Credit Clause 
of the United States Constitution7 limits the authority of a 
Florida court to modify nonmodifiable child support set 
by a New York court in the absence of some 
demonstrable need of the child not being met by the 
current judgment amount—which, he says, the mother has 
not alleged. As we recently pointed out in Kramer v. 
Kramer, 698 So.2d 894 (Fla. 4th DCA 1997), Congress 
has adopted specific legislation under this constitutional 
provision *1032 relating to child support orders, the Full 
Faith and Credit for Child Support Orders Act, Pub.L.No. 
103-383, § 3(a), 108 Stat. 4064, 28 U.S.C. § 17388 
(1996). In passing this new legislation, Congress took 
specific note of conflicting state laws as to the 
determination and enforcement of child support 
obligations, which in turn had led to "excessive 
relitigation of cases and conflicting orders by the courts of 
various jurisdictions." See Pub.L.No. 103-383, § 2, 108 
Stat. 4064. 
The Act contains explicit provisions relating to 
modification of child support orders rendered by another 
state. Section 1738B(e) permits a state court to modify a 
child support order validly entered by the court of another 
state only when two conditions are satisfied. First, the 
issuing court must have lost exclusive jurisdiction either 
because neither the child nor any parent continues to 
reside there, or instead because each of the parents has 
filed a written statement with the issuing court consenting 
to modification in another state. See 28 U.S.C. § 
1738B(e)(2XA) and (B). Second, the modification 
proceeding must be filed in a state having personal 
jurisdiction over the nonmoving parent Id. at § 1738B(i). 
Those parts of the record below furnished us by the 
parties are insufficient for us to determine that either of 
these conditions have been met in this case, and 
consequently we are unable to decide from the face of the 
limited record we have whether Florida has the authority 
under section 17388(e) to enter a modification order 
binding Jones!' 
In order to reach the question whether interim fees for a 
modification attempt should be considered, the court will 
first have to determine whether and to what extent any 
modification may be had in Florida. That, in turn, will 
require the court to determine whether New York law will 
control the substantive legal issue of the propriety of 
modification. To the extent that the settlement agreements 
purport to be the exclusive source of the mother's future 
support rights against Jones, her attempt to modify the 
WestlawNexts © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187985
--- PAGE 6 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/1212013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
agreements on account of an alleged change in his income 
may be an interpretation of the New York orders 
requiring application of New York law under section 
1738B(hX2). These determinations are required in order 
to assess what contested issues might be legitimately 
resolved in a modification attempt here. 
Pi As we previously indicated, we agree with the mother 
that the court has broad discretion in setting interim 
attorney's fees in family law matters under section 61.16. 
We repeat, however, that it is nevertheless a discretion 
related to a determination of a legally sustainable 
controversy, properly raised in a Florida court. It is not a 
generalized discretion allowing the trial judge in every 
case to award an amount that might generally be incurred 
in litigating a fully contested divorce or paternity case. In 
this instance, the actual controversy is singular and 
discrete, involving not so much a factual dispute, but is 
instead concentrated on a limited legal issue. Again the 
threshold issue is whether modification can be sought in 
Florida and, if so, to what extent the New York orders are 
modifiable by a Florida court in light of the agreements 
on which they were based and the apparent absence of 
any allegation of a substantial 
change 
in 
the 
circumstances under which they were made. It is only 
when these matters are settled that the trial court will be 
in a position to confront all the equitable considerations 
that Rosen requires for attorney's fees under section 
61.16. 
III. Certiorari and Discovery 
This leads us to the petition for certiorari, for it confronts 
the scope of discovery in this modification proceeding. 
First we delineate the procedural events bringing us the 
issue. The mother has filed a financial affidavit showing 
that she has no income other than what Jones pays her in 
child support under the New York judgments.9 She has 
served *1033 the father with the standard, broad 
discovery requests generally applicable in routine family 
law matters. Among other things, she seeks information 
and documentation from him as to all sources of his 
income, including fees from his performances, royalties, 
investments, and the like, for him individually as well as 
from companies in which he may have some interest. She 
also seeks detailed information and documents evidencing 
the entire range of his investments, assets and liabilities. 
Jones timely responded to the action and objected to the 
requested discovery. The trial court overruled his blanket 
objection to any discovery and ordered him to file a 
financial affidavit as required by rule 12.285(d)10 and to 
respond to those interrogatories and document requests he 
felt were proper, stating specific objections to those 
thought improper. He then filed a financial affidavit 
asserting that he has $89,000 in net monthly income. At 
the same time, he filed a motion for a protective order 
asking that his discovery responses be kept confidential." 
At that point, The Miami Herald sought to intervene in 
the action below to oppose the protective order. 
Ultimately, the trial court overruled all of his objections 
and denied any protective order for confidentiality, telling 
him that he could renew the motion as to any specific 
discovery as to which he could show some special reason. 
This petition seeks review of the trial court's denial of 
these requests. 
As to Jones's motion for a protective order against 
financial discovery beyond the financial affidavit, the trial 
court relied on the recently adopted Family Law Rules of 
Procedure—more specifically rule 12.285.12 Subdivision 
(d)(3) of rule 12.285 appears to make some financial 
discovery mandatory in all cases." Rule 12.285(aX1), 
however, provides that "[e]xcept for the provisions as to 
financial affidavits, any portion of this rule may be 
modified by order of the court or agreement of the 
parties."14 In spite of that language, the trial court felt that 
it had no power to relieve Jones of the burden of 
responding to the additional discovery sought by the 
mother. In this we think the trial court has departed from 
the essential requirements of the law. Its error was 
compounded by its blanket refusal to restrain the mother 
and her counsel from disclosing all of Jones's financial 
information to the press—which they repeatedly have 
assured Jones and the court that they fully intend to do. 
16I 171 First, we do not read the mandatory disclosure rule 
to preclude the trial judge from dispensing with discovery 
beyond the required financial affidavit in a given case. 
Rather we read the provisions of subdivisions (b), (c), and 
(d) of rule 12.285 to be self-executing but not necessarily 
applicable in all cases. In other words, we think that these 
particular provisions were so framed as to eliminate the 
necessity to make a formal request for this discovery and, 
instead, to make it the responsibility of both parties in a 
family law case to produce the information without such a 
request. As the Commentary to the rule states: 
"This rule creates a procedure for automatic financial 
disclosure in family law cases. By requiring production 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187986
--- PAGE 7 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/1212013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
at an early stage in the proceedings, it is hope that the 
expense of litigation will be minimized.... Additionally, 
the court may, on the motion of a party or on its own 
motion, limit the disclosure requirements in this rule 
should it find good cause for doing so."15
*1034 Thus the automatic discovery established by the 
rule is subject to being limited or curtailed by the trial 
court if there is some reason for doing so.'6
Indeed good reasons appear in this particular case for the 
trial judge to limit the standard discovery. This is not an 
action in which the entire range of financial issues 
attendant to a dissolution of marriage or paternity case, 
just getting under way, is to be litigated.17 Moreover she 
does not allege any unusual changes—such as health or 
physical impairment of the child arising since the New 
York decrees—or that the needs of the child have 
substantially changed in some way not contemplated 
when the agreements were approved by the court in New 
York. Rather, the mother seeks to avoid these agreements 
with Jones and instead to compel payments greater than 
she bargained for. As a basis for the modification she 
alleges merely that Jones has lately enjoyed a resurgence 
in his career, thereby giving rise to a "good fortune" 
modification under Florida law, and that the child has 
grown since the entry of the New York judgments. 
The argument raised by Jones below was that the unique 
nature of the mother's claims should result in a substantial 
narrowing of discovery. The mere fact that Florida may 
acquire judicial jurisdiction to consider a modification of 
child support—if, indeed, that is the case here—does not 
inevitably mean that the Florida court should proceed to 
reconsider the matter de novo when, as here, final decrees 
in another state have approved an express agreement 
fixing support and there has not been alleged any 
substantial change unforeseen by the parties. Even 
assuming that full faith and credit for the New York 
judgments would allow any modification at all, he argues 
that no permissible change in the support amount would 
entail the kind of broad, generalized discovery that the 
trial court has allowed to take place. Moreover, he urges 
that the power of a Florida court to force him to respond 
with financial worth information in order for her to make 
her claim does not allow her to use this compulsory 
discovery process to make his private finances available 
to the world. He contends that the fact that the court may 
force him to disclose this information to her in pretrial 
proceedings should not deprive the court of the power to 
protect the compelled disclosure of this information to 
persons outside of those to whom disclosure is necessary 
in the action. 
In Martin—Johnson Inc. v. Savage, 509 So.2d 1097 
(Fla.1987), the court held that ordinarily an order 
allowing financial worth discovery did not by itself 
present the kind of irreparable harm necessary for review 
by common law certiorari. There the discovery was 
requested in connection with a claim for punitive damages 
where there had yet been no indication that the issue of 
punitive damages would actually be submitted to the jury. 
The court explained that "[i]n certiorari proceedings, an 
order may be quashed only for certain fundamental 
errors." 509 So.2d at 1099. In deciding that discovery of a 
litigant's finances by itself was generally not the type of 
harm contemplated by certiorari review, the court relied 
to a great extent on Kilgore v. Bird, 149 Fla. 570, 6 So.2d 
541 (1942). Because Kilgore apparently provides some 
insight to ascertain when common law certiorari is 
available to review discovery orders, we now turn to it. 
Kilgore was a common law certiorari proceeding 
confronting an order allowing answers to interrogatories 
in an action for damages from an alleged alienation of 
affections. Many of the questions were so framed as to 
violate the rules of evidence, while others appeared, in the 
words of the court, to violate the civil rights of the party 
to whom they were propounded. The court said: 
*1035 "In ruling on objections to interrogatories, the 
rules of admissibility of evidence are controlling and 
should be applied. A question which elicits an answer 
not material to the issues should not be allowed. A 
question requiring an answer which would violate the 
civil rights of the witness should be prohibited, because 
if such right is violated the wrong cannot be righted. It, 
therefore, follows that requiring a witness to answer 
some questions may constitute error which may or may 
not warrant reversal on appeal and inflict no injury on 
the witness, while requiring the witness to answer 
other questions might so violate his civil rights as to 
make review on appeal entirely inadequate and would 
constitute such a departure from the essential 
requirements of the law as to make a ruling requiring 
the answer reviewable on certiorari to adequately 
protect the constitutional or lawful rights of the 
witness." [e.s.] 
So.2d at 545. In Kilgore, the court was actually unable 
to reach the substantive issues and returned the case to the 
trial court. 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187987
--- PAGE 8 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
Is' Martin-Johnson stated that disclosure of personal 
financial information was not alone sufficient to establish 
irreparable harm for common law certiorari. See also 
Eberhardt v. Eberhardt, 666 So.2d 1024 (Fla. 4th DCA 
1996) (production of income tax returns in action for 
accounting 
indistinguishable 
from 
financial 
worth 
information sought in Martin—Johnson; mere production 
of financial worth without more insufficient to show 
irreparable harm). Hence irreparable harm in the present 
discovery order is indispensable to enable us to review it 
by common law certiorari. See Bared & Co. v. McGuire, 
670 So.2d 153 (Fla. 4th DCA 1996). The kind of 
discovery that might cause injury of an irreparable nature 
was illustrated by "cat out of the bag" information. The 
court defined such a disclosure as "material that could be 
used by an unscrupulous litigant to injure another person 
or party outside the context of the litigation." 509 So.2d at 
1100. 
in We must decide whether Jones has established the kind 
of irreparable injury contemplated by the court in Kilgore 
and Martin Johnson. The discovery of financial worth 
information that is not material to any issue reasonably 
likely to be contested and—equally important—that has 
been sought primarily to embarrass and bring undue 
pressure on a litigant through unwarranted publicity by 
disclosure of sensitive personal financial information to 
the press would be incurable by any possible action we 
could take on final appeal from an order modifying the 
child support. Without a protective order, irrelevant 
details of Jones's financial holdings that he has apparently 
guarded assiduously from disclosure to the press would be 
disclosed through the mother to the Miami Herald and 
thence beyond recall. Moreover the revelation would have 
resulted 
from 
a 
fundamentally 
erroneous 
legal 
interpretation of the discovery rules that would inevitably 
evade review until long after the disclosure had been 
made. 
The constitution of the State of Florida contains an 
express right of privacy."' Although there is no catalogue 
in our constitutional provision as to those matters 
encompassed by the term privacy it seems apparent to us 
that personal finances are among those private matters 
kept secret by most people. See Winfield v. Division of 
Pari—Mutuel Wagering, 477 So.2d 544 (Fla.1985) (law in 
Florida recognizes an individual's legitimate expectation 
of privacy in individual's private bank account, financial 
records). Disclosure of income and personal investments 
is often not made even to siblings and others within the 
immediate family, much less to strangers. Private 
financial worth information is thus usually withheld from 
the world at large unless the courts compel such 
disclosure. Even then, disclosure is made only so far as 
necessary. 
We note that Jones's financial affidavit discloses that his 
net monthly income is at least $89,000, or more than SI 
million on an annual basis. This admission by Jones raises 
a serious question in the context of this case whether any 
additional financial worth discovery from him is legally 
relevant and *1036 reasonably calculated to lead to 
admissible evidence on any contested issue actually 
cognizable in this modification of the New York decrees. 
As we have seen earlier, under the Family Law Rules, 
disclosure of personal financial worth is required unless 
excused by the trial judge. Thus the state compels 
disclosure of information that one would be expected to 
keep private because it is necessary to enable the system 
for child support to function. On the other hand, the 
constitutional right of privacy undoubtedly expresses a 
policy that compelled disclosure through discovery be 
limited to that which is necessary for a court to determine 
contested issues of support. See Winfield, 477 So.2d at 
547 (right of privacy is fundamental right, requiring a 
compelling state interest to justify an intrusion on privacy, 
but then only by the least drastic means). The rules 
relating to family law cases contemplate some privacy 
interests in such proceedings, for they expressly address 
sealing of court records in these cases. See Fla.Fam.L.R.P. 
12.280(c) ("A determination as to the confidentiality of a 
court record shall be made in accordance with Florida 
Rule of Judicial Administration 2.051.") and 12.280(d) 
("Records found to be confidential under Florida Rule of 
Judicial Administration 2.051 shall be sealed on request 
of a party.").19
In this case, the claim of confidentiality asserted by Jones 
relates to his responses to discovery compelled by the 
applicable rules of procedure. The responses to such 
discovery are not filed directly in the court file before a 
trial or hearing unless there is some special need to do so. 
See, e.g., Fla.R.Civ.P. 1.340(e) ("The original or any copy 
of the answers to interrogatories may be filed by any party 
when the court should consider the answers to 
interrogatories in determining any matter pending before 
the court."); and Fla.R.Civ.P. 1.350(d) ("Unless required 
by the court, a party shall not file any of the documents or 
things produced with the response. Documents or things 
may be filed when they should be considered by the court 
in determining a matter pending before the court.") 20 At 
WestlawNext' © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187988
--- PAGE 9 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
this point, the discovery is not yet evidence in the case. In 
fact it may never become evidence formally admitted in 
any court hearing or trial. It is merely information from 
which admissible evidence may be found and ultimately 
adduced. 
" 
The scope of discovery in a modification proceeding is 
necessarily narrower than in a plenary proceeding to 
establish the need and amount of such support in the first 
instance. Where there has been no prior adjudication of 
the support issue, as for example when a dissolution of 
marriage or paternity case is first filed, it is usually 
necessary to require broad disclosure by both parties to 
provide a trial judge with an evidentiary basis to decide 
contested issues as to support. When, as here, the issue is 
modification of prior adjudications of support, however, 
the necessity for discovery is decidedly different. The 
prior adjudications must necessarily be understood to 
have been made on a record of known facts about 
financial worth. Thus assuming that a Florida court has 
the authority to modify another state's support order, any 
new discovery should properly be limited to the precise 
change in circumstances properly alleged and cognizable 
in the requested modification. In this case, however, the 
trial judge did not engage in the kind of analysis just 
outlined as to the permissible scope of discovery. 
We conclude that the failure to analyze the need for 
the requested discovery under the unique circumstance of 
this case was a departure from the essential requirements 
of law which if uncorrected will lead to the kind of 
irreparable harm contemplated by Martin Johnson. There 
are at least two identifiable circumstances compelling this 
extraordinary review to set a limit on *1037 the extent of 
discovery and to protect against unwarranted disclosure. 
First, Jones's financial worth affidavit demonstrates an 
undeniable ability, without knowing anything further 
about his finances, to pay any possible reasonable 
increase in support that changed circumstances of the 
child could now require. As we noted earlier, he admits to 
having net disposable income of more than SI million 
annually for support purposes. That disclosure raises 
substantial doubts in our minds as to the necessity for 
further discovery as to his financial worth, even if (for the 
sake of argument) the contested issue for modification 
purposes was in his ability to pay additional support?' 
We again stress that the very narrow range of issues 
possible in this proceeding should yield a corresponding 
narrowing of discovery. Generally, the broad standard for 
discovery is that the information sought be relevant, 
admissible evidence, or be reasonably calculated to lead 
to admissible evidence. See Fla.R.Civ.P. 1.280(b)(I) 
(discovery required to be relevant to the subject matter of 
the pending action); Allstate Ins. Co. v. Langston, 655 
So.2d 91 (Fla.1995) (discovery in civil cases must be 
relevant to the subject matter of the case and must be 
admissible or reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence); Amente v. Newman, 653 So.2d 1030 (Fla.1995) 
(concept of relevancy is broader in discovery context than 
in trial context, and party may be permitted to discover 
relevant evidence that would be inadmissible at trial if it 
may lead to discovery of relevant evidence). Even the 
possibility of unearthing some admissible evidence from 
routine discovery responses is constrained by a proper 
limitation of the discovery to the range of the permissible 
issues to be litigated. 
The mother's discovery request is bottomed on the dictum 
of the supreme court in Miller v. Schou, 616 So.2d 436, 
438 (Fla.1993) (under Florida law, child of a 
multimillionaire would be entitled to sham in standard of 
living of wealthy parent—for example to attend private 
school or to participate in expensive extracurricular 
activities—and would accordingly be entitled to a greater 
award of child support to provide for these items, even 
though provision for such items would not be ordered in a 
different case); but see Finley v. Scott, 687 So.2d 338 
(Fla. 5th DCA), rev. granted, 697 So.2d 510 (Fla.1997) 
(father could not be required, regardless of his ability to 
pay more than was necessary to meet the child's current 
need for support, to contribute to fund for child's 
unspecified future needs in order for child to share in 
father's "good fortune").r Yet the mother's request to 
modify support arises from her attempt to relocate this 
litigation outside of the jurisdiction fixing the support to a 
new jurisdiction that may employ different standards in 
setting support in the first instance. Thus, even if Florida 
has jurisdiction to modify support, there seems little if any 
justification for allowing discovery as to his financial 
worth. 
Second, and indispensable to our conclusion of 
irreparable harm, the mother has frankly made clear her 
purpose to release to the press any financial worth 
information she acquires from Jones during discovery.13
At *1038 the same time, the Miami Herald has made 
equally clear its purpose to publish this information. We 
stress that we are considering financial worth information 
that is exchanged in discovery and that may never be used 
as evidence in any trial or evidentiary proceeding. While 
financial worth may be critically important to enable a 
WestlawNexi © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187989
--- PAGE 10 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
trial court to ascertain the base line of financial worth in a 
plenary proceeding for dissolution of marriage or 
paternity and thus to fix the original amount of child 
support, there is nothing in the Family Law Rules 
suggesting that one of its purposes is to facilitate 
disclosure to the press during discovery of such sensitive 
information. The fact that the State of Florida may not 
inhibit the freedom of the press to publish information it 
deems newsworthy does not mean that the instruments of 
the civil justice system of the State of Florida should be 
used simply to assist in the disclosure and publication of 
such information in the media. 
Moreover, as we have seen, the Family Law Rules and 
Rules of Judicial Administration contemplate claims of 
confidentiality as to discovery information. Inexplicably, 
the trial judge here denied the motion for a protective 
order without addressing these issues at all. Indeed, the 
trial judge's ruling allows disclosure through the Miami 
Herald to the world at large of information apparently 
protected by a right of privacy before any determination 
of confidentiality and sealing has been made. We regard 
this as the kind of extraordinary harm, irremediable on 
final appeal, that lies within our certiorari jurisdiction. 
We also repeat that under the circumstances of this case 
any claim to modification must begin with an abundant 
deference to the full faith and credit requirements of the 
recent federal legislation. The first order of business is to 
Footnotes 
Ile and the mother have never married or cohabited. 
address Florida's claim to jurisdiction over the 
modification issue under section I738B(i). Even if Florida 
has such jurisdiction, the court will still want to accord 
sufficient respect to the prior agreements made by the 
mother. The mere fact that Florida may have jurisdiction 
to modify support does not alone justify canceling 
agreements solemnly made in another state and approved 
by a court there, simply because they concern child 
support different from that which a Florida court might 
have set in the beginning. It is against this background of 
legal framework that the trial court must assess the 
necessity for any additional discovery. We leave that to 
the trial judge in the first instance on remand. 
We therefore reverse the interim award of attorney's fees. 
At the same time we quash the discovery orders, and 
remand the case to the trial court for proceedings not 
inconsistent with the views we have expressed today. 
SHAHOOD and GROSS, B., concur. 
Parallel Citations 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
Jones has not raised any issue on appeal as to the personal jurisdiction of the Florida court over him with respect to his obligation 
of child support. But see § 48.193(1Xe), Fla. Stat. (1995) (defining matrimonial domicile or residence in Florida as basis for 
long-ann jurisdiction over nonresidents in proceedings for child support). 
§ 61.16(1), Fla. Stat. (1995) ("The court may from time to time, after considering the financial resources of both parties, order a 
party to pay a reasonable amount for attorney's fees, suit money, and the cost to the other party of maintaining or defending any 
proceeding under this chapter, including enforcement and modification proceedings and appeals."). 
The suit money appears to be earmarked for expert witnesses, principally accountants. 
Judge Greene's stay order directs the father to make immediate payment of $90,882 to the mother's counsel, who in turn is 
required to execute an affidavit agreeing to reimburse the father upon receipt of our mandate for any amount determined not to 
have been validly earned. As to the remainder of the total interim award, the stay is conditioned on the father furnishing a bond in 
the amount of $123,590. If mother's counsel does not execute the affidavit of reimbursement, then the total bond is $232,649. 
Judge Greene's stay order further indicates a willingness to allow mother's counsel to invade any sums deposited with it pending 
the appeal. 
Rosen was, of course, decided after Judge Rosenberg entered his order awarding interim fees, and thus he did not have the benefit 
of the supreme court's decision. 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187990
--- PAGE 11 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Battery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
See An. IV, § 1, U.S. Conn. ("Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the ... judicial Proceedings of every other 
State."). 
There is nothing to tell us whether he continues to be subject to the personal jurisdiction of the New York court or, instead, 
whether he has consented to modification in Florida. The fact that Jones may now reside in California does little to tell us whether 
he continues to be subject to the jurisdiction of the New York court. 
There is no indication, however, that she is unable to work and earn income on her own. 
l0 
See Fla.Fam.L.R.P. 12.285(d) (mandatory disclosure for parties whose combined income exceeds $50,000 per annum). 
I1 
Ile had previously offered to provide her and her counsel with a financial affidavit if she and counsel would agree to keep the 
affidavit and his financial information confidential. She and her counsel refused to do so. 
Fla.Fam.L.R.P. 12.285(bX2) ("Any document required under this rule for any initial or supplemental proceeding shall be served on 
the other party for inspection and copying within 45 days of service of the initial pleading on the respondent."). 
Fla.Fam.L.R.P. I2.285(dX3) ("In any temporary or permanent supplemental proceeding regarding financial relief, documents shall 
be produced as set forth in subdivision (dX1) and (d)(2), respectively and shall be served as set forth in subdivision (b)."). 
Fla.Fam.L.R.P. 12.285(aX I). 
Fla.Fam.L.R.P. 12.285. 
Fla.Fam.L.R.P. 12.285(g) ("Objections to the mandatory automatic disclosure required by this rule shall be served in writing at 
least 5 days prior to the due date for the disclosure or the objections shall be deemed waived. For good cause shown, the court may 
extend the time for the filing of an objection or permit the filing of an otherwise untimely objection."). 
We note that there is no suggestion by the mother that the New York agreements were coerced or fraudulently procured, or that in 
inducing the agreements Jones misrepresented or understated his income or ability to pay support. 
Art. I, § 23, Fla. Const. ("Every natural person has the right to be let alone and free from governmental intrusion into his private 
life except as otherwise provided herein."). 
Florida Rule of Judicial Administration 2.051(cX9) specifically recognizes and authorizes confidentiality for laJny court record 
determined to be confidential in case decision or court rule on the grounds that ... (A) confidentiality is required to .... (iv) obtain 
evidence to determine legal issues in a case; [or) 
(vi) avoid substantial injury to a party by disclosure of matters protected by a 
common law or privacy right not generally inherent in the specific type of proceeding sought to be closed...." 
Both rule 12.340 (Interrogatories) and rule 12.350 (Production of Documents) refer to the applicable Rules of Civil Procedure. 
We again emphasize that the real basis for the mother's modification attempt appears to be her attempted relocation of this 
litigation to Florida where parental support agreements may be treated differently than in New York. 
We discern differences between this case and Miller, which involved a modification to establish fir the first lime precisely what 
the father's financial resources really were after he had newly entered into the practice of medicine and had thus begun for the first 
time to earn considerable income. In contrast, the future "good fortune" of Jones must be understood to have been within the 
contemplation of the contracting parties when they settled the matter with the approval of the New York court. Even assuming for 
the sake of argument that Miller K Schorr is the applicable law—recalling, of course, that this is an attempt to modify New York 
judgments—the prospect of more good fortune for Jones is one of the very future contingencies against which Jones's agreement 
was presumably intended to protect. Thus, the agreements established the standard of living for the child, so discovery as to his 
"good fortune" in that regard is similarly misplaced. 
We view with the same skepticism as did the trial court the attempts of the mother to justify her refusal to keep Jones's financial 
information confidential by stating that all she wants to do is test the credibility of his finances in a "public arena"—by which, she 
now contends, she meant the courtroom. As we read the context, it is manifest that her intention is to reveal any discovery 
WestlawNext' © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187991
--- PAGE 12 ---
Haddad, Tonja 1/12/2013 
For Educational Use Only 
Woodward v. Berkery, 714 So.2d 1027 (1998) 
Fla. L. Weekly D393 
information to the Miami Herald. 
End of Document 
C 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WestlawNext © 2013 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA01187992

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187993.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Richard Joslin
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 13:10:55 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm21a3.png; primeglobal_color blktext_tagline79aajpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)50e5.jpg 
I'm avail at 4pm or anytime after 
Sent from my Verizon Wimiess 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i would like a conference call today, after 2. pm. thanks, its important 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER CO LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
Accounting 
PTO P 
gnoo 
MFIRIVIS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose. print. copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. II you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communicabon. 
EFTA01187993
--- PAGE 2 ---
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01187994

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187995.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin <1 
To: Thomas Turrin  
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 13:47:12 +0000 
Inline-Images: 2013_ipatop I 00(2)50eljpg; rem-newlogo_srn21a3.png; 
primeglobal_color blktext_tagline79aajpg 
I am free - Tom pls circulate c/c dial in. Thanks 
On Tue, Feb 25, 2014 at 8:10 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
> wrote: 
I'm avail at 4pm or anytime after 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i would like a conference call today, after 2. pm. thanks, its important 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAC 
ENDE 
MALTC 
O. LIP 
INSIDEPRakin 
ti 
12TOFi 
E11OO 
•FIRMS 
W PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
EFTA01187995
--- PAGE 2 ---
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s). you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefts strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have 
received this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments). unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent 
EFTA01187996

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin  
To: Susan Ostrow <I 
CC: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Joslin
Subject: Fwd: conference call 4pm 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 14:06:22 +0000 
Inline-Images: 2013_ipatop I 00(2)50eljpg; rem-newlogo_srn21a3.png; 
primeglobal_color blktext_tagline79aajpg 
Susan, please set up 4pm conference call...and circulate call info. 
Thanks 
Tom 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
------ Original Message 
Subject: Re: 
From: Richard Joslin 
To: Thomas Turrin 
CC: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
I am free - Tom pls circulate c/c dial in. Thanks 
On Tue, Feb 25, 2014 at 8:10 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
> wrote: 
I'm avail at 4pm or anytime after 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i would like a conference call today, after 2. pm. thanks, its important 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01187997
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAICH 
ENDEI 
MALTER CO LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
INSIDE PAtiainting 
cgTOP 
N1OO 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. II you have 
received this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or lax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
EFTA01187998

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01187999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01187999.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: <j 
Subject: TR: 
Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2013 16:43:13 +0000 
Attachments: PI010280.JPG; P1010282.JPG; PI010283.JPG; PI010285.JPG; PI010271.JPG 
Inline-Images: image00 ljpg 
New Brazilian just arrived, sexy and tute, 19yo 
Best regards, 
Mademoiselle Agency 
III rue de Lon ieliain i 75116 Paris 
Emai I : 
www.mademoiselleagenev.fr
De : 
Envo e : eudi 17 an\ er 2013 17:22 
Å: 
Objet : 
Best regn ris, 
Mademoiselle Agency 
III rue de Longehaitip 75116 Paris 
Email: 
www.mademoiselleagenev.fr
EFTA01187999
--- PAGE 2 ---
C
: 
% 
• - 
I i ; 
L . - e- 1 .e. - - • . - - ...... - • - • 1 : 1 • - - . I - -.  • a i - e - - e 1 
• e-
EFTA01188000

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188001.pdf
----------------------------------------
The gurney that began in 1991 hos grown 
stronger with every passing fruition season. 
Their eclectic creations using the Owl and 
jamdani weaves, both in silk and in cotton, 
stand out every year. The Vittorio and Albert 
Museum in London displayed Abraham 
Thokore's work os port of on exhibit on 
contemporary Indian design. 
all at dawn. Kamm. aros.0..gtobr- 
USA.Claia Lamm 
Nonce ..M Run. 
Makbainms......• the tablitoral minify, of talcraltirale 
ha boa • dears. and laboraws roma Pot Inlay...wog to 
Abriaant & IhnLoc have ono. re Indus tail 
tivm ...Ling with ant "Dry undentand the enormous 
.Atha. of ...nal 
bet J, mho. akmg wnh 
JI.Mom Jlapn.a.IhN pie, Ow wenn. "helm.: 
-
v.niM gutty foritagn. The Martha area in that Ow 
• ....poonatmal.....t4 
noteltwo.nmanwr 
-&...a.s."0ne affair 
hasanompolla deans. 
Another p.a. • mIk ital rod 
tarAcd s,IIew, btu& 
...I wham Sono fashion and mdrmin m the &*de :Sara 
whavoarnibre sick with th pinky bade:. 
,...tantn•Ca•tel ben: Mur i-Joe. liatmh abut. the this 
..e [align can map& 'M.. we ear Joan la 'Wu. a 
flat rionsm. we can IN., Ow !woo. nu: we mock 
handkaccortiont.btrahu mock on h". we 
ch. 
Stlarnat We Min nn M .!,Nairn! 
rain. win-. the ataxia navel sampan...mg me the 
prmedure." rt. %raga lame Mindy worked 
•- 
• 
Myna' ever 
Men pea 10. TN, taw 
...a.m.' Arm minueruna Jesign density yardates, tan.* 
nmrn and wasp and well tAmbimatmma l& short. they 
hay *anal lo 
'At 
end a ox Say. the, •••• 
&way to .2....sen 
croarnous pawn., of landloorna and 
na&nal tanks.' 
Tune a • tans. Maury and mamas. mat 
fain.. dal 
aver loan peafixt can alter. E.ul. npr is the may:. 
ernt achmna As Kash ca. "WT. 'nu All Ike Am. 
a. isa Sl wa law" MO a en mash II am. • rem 
...p.aka fuel then,. Any Inn of ralv-al lobos will know 
Oak Couch at an IW or a mnoldnmmil•n V. Owen, 
IIcat n5.4,14.,1 " 
an% /awl wawa a knwien 6.*•••••11. 1•T•`• 6 Th" ,•••• •••.• •• Pen 
•• • 
len at deign Walton anon the globe in I,SA. QM... tap.a hanto a Rata 
tn. : IS& 'WI.. 
EFTA01188001

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188002.pdf
----------------------------------------
model: Ganna 
stylist, mua: Nata 
Greege 
Photographer: Inga 
Vishnyakova 
EFTA01188002

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188003.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188003

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188004.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188004

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188005.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188005

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188006.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188006

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188007.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188007

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188008.pdf
----------------------------------------
C'• 
EFTA01188008

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188009.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188009

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188010.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188010

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188011.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188011

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188012.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188012

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188013.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188013

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188014.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188014

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188015.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188015

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188016.pdf
----------------------------------------
z , t;~► 
EFTA01188016

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188017.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188017

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188018.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188018

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188019.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188019

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188020.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188020

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188021.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188021

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188022.pdf
----------------------------------------
ye- 4&-t.. 
EFTA01188022

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188023.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Susan Ostrow < 
To: Thomas Turrin < 
CC: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Joslin < 
Subject: RE: conference call 4pm 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 14:09:05 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002jpg; image003jpg 
Gentlemen: 
The conference call in number is: 
Access Code: 
34567 
From: Thomas Turrin 
Sent: February 25, 2014 9:06 AM 
To: Susan Ostrow 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein; Richard Joslin 
Subject: Fwd: conference call 4pm 
Susan, please set up 4pm conference call...and circulate call info. 
Thanks 
Tom 
Sent from my Verizon fireless 4G LTE DROID 
Original Message 
Subject: Re: 
From: Richard Joslin 
To: Thomas Turrin 
CC: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I am free - Tom pls circulate c/c dial in. Thanks 
On Tue, Feb 25, 2014 at 8:10 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
> wrote: 
I'm avail at 4pm or anytime after 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i would like a conference call today, after 2. pm. thanks, its important 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA01188023
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAIC 
ENDE 
MALT 
O. LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS 
Pub 
Accounting
PTO P 
N1OO 
• FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such. you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication are/is strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent 
EFTA01188024

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188025.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2013 19:26:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188025
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188026
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188027

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: conference call 4pm 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 14:14:43 +0000 
Inline-Images: 2013_ipatop100(2)50e5jpg; primeglobal_color blktext_tagline79aajpg; rem-
newlogo_srn21a3.png 
Forwarded message 
From: Thomas Turrin  
Date: Tue, Feb 25, 2014 at 10:06 AM 
Subject: Fwd: conference call 4pm 
To: Susan Ostrow <I 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Joslin 
Susan, please set up 4pm conference call...and circulate call info. 
Thanks 
Tom 
Sent from my Verizmi Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Original Message 
Subject: Re: 
From: Richard Joslin 
To: Thomas Turrin 
CC: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I am free - Tom pls circulate c/c dial in. Thanks 
On Tue, Feb 25, 2014 at 8:10 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
> wrote: 
I'm avail at 4pm or anytime after 
Sent from my Veto?! Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i would like a conference call today, after 2. pm. thanks, its important 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01188028
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER' fILLP 
PrimeGlobal 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
ADVISORS 
Public 
Accounting 
g2TOP 
19100 
•FIRMS 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. II you have 
received this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188029

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188030.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Karyna Shuliak 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Mail 
Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2013 20:15:17 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313020812220.pdf 
This was sent to Palm Beach address 
Not sure if junk mail or something important 
Please let me know if you need original papers 
Thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Date: Februa 8, 2013 11:22:07 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01188030

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188031.pdf
----------------------------------------
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
.* ****** *******AUTO*.MIXED AADC 328 
744 
Canteritan bafetp Countit 
Certificate of Cottre Completion 
Irbig certifteg tijat tbe person nameb beton) Ims complete) tije 
aqubent ,information: 
KARYNA SHULIAK 
Date of Birth: 
Date of Completion: 
1/30/13 
Course provided by: 
American 
Safety Council School Official: 
Certificate #: 
1-800-732-4135 
Robert W. Proechel, President 
(DHSMV#) 13277711 
USI'S 
33(1 
*3922611" 
EFTA01188031
--- PAGE 2 ---
American 
Safety Council 
.com 
5125 Adanson Street 
Suite 500 
Orlando, Florida 32804 
Certificate of Con*etion 
Enclosed 
FAST .SLASS Mkt 
POSTA, 
- PAID 
YO•FlF. 
Y1 
ut 
EFTA01188032

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188033.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICaryna Shuliak 
To: ICaryna Shuliak 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2013 20:17:04 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2).jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg; photo(6).jpg; 
photo(7).jpg 
EFTA01188033

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188034.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188034

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188035.pdf
----------------------------------------
•r. 
EFTA01188035

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188036.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188036

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188037.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188037

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188038.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2013 20:19:58 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2).jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg; photo(6).jpg; 
photo(7).jpg 
jes„ thanks , if i need to take more photos 
Forwarded message 
From: Karyna Shuliak  
Date: Fri, Feb 8, 2013 at 4:17 PM 
Subject: 
To: Karyna Shuliak 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188038

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188039.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188039

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188040.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188040

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188041.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Jennie Enterprise
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2013 20:45:44 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2).jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg; photo(6).jpg; 
photo(7).jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: Karyna Shuliak  
Date: Fri, Feb 8, 2013 at 4:17 PM 
Subject: 
To: Karyna Shuliak 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188041

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188042.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188042

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188043.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188043

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188044.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ann rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Little St. James Service Report - RIO Plant 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 16:51:47 +0000 
Attachments: LSJ_Field_Service_Report.docx 
Inline-Images: image001.png 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected from 
disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. 
On Tuesday, February 25, 2014 12:03 PM, Patrick Adams 
wrote: 
Anna, 
Attached is the field service report for the work performed last week. Bob and I would like to meet with you tomorrow 
and discuss the report along with some options that LSJ has to possibly deter this incident from happening again. Maybe 
meet at AYH for a coffee or over lunch! My treat!! 
Respectfully, 
Patrick Adams 
Operations Manager 
TSG Technologies Inc. 
6501 Red Hook Plaza, Suite 201 
St. Thomas, VI. 00802 
Phone: 
Cell: 
OS MAXING EVERY OROP COUNT 
EFTA01188044

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188045.pdf
----------------------------------------
rv-,1  ts-Pe 
o 
iffsn 
!obi\ s 
EFTA01188045

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188046.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188046

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188047.pdf
----------------------------------------
.NI 
EFTA01188047

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188048.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188048

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188049.pdf
----------------------------------------
V I %OA 
y:.
EFTA01188049

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188050.pdf
----------------------------------------
A
EFTA01188050

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188051.pdf
----------------------------------------
She
EFTA01188051

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188052.pdf
----------------------------------------
4,
EFTA01188052

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188053.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188053

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188054.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Juliana Minsky 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Marvin Minsk 
, Margaret Minsky 
, Gloria Rudisch Minsky 
Subject: Minsky foundation questions 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 17:13:47 +0000 
Attachments: MinskyFoundation.docx 
Dear Jeffrey, 
My folks said you could take a look at the attached draft of a trust formation. 
The BBVA Foundation which is awarding the prize money is able to split the distribution of the money between 
a personal distribution and a distribution directly to a foundation/trust, but any money going into the foundation 
is considered a donation from/on behalf of Marvin. So he is considered the donor not them.. They have made that 
100% clear. 
My folks said you thought it might be advantageous to put all of the prize into a foundation, but our concern is 
how Marvin that would accomplish his goals of retaining some of the prize money for personal use. 
Could any of his salary as a researcher be taken through a nonprofit structure and would there be any tax 
advantage to that, etc. .I'm not what other questions to ask but we look forward to your thoughts about this. 
Thank you, 
-Julie Minsk 
EFTA01188054

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188055.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE MARVIN MINSKY CHARITABLE FOUNDATION 
The undersigned, MARVIN MINSKY, of Norfolk County, Massachusetts, and GLORIA R. 
MINSKY, of Norfolk County, Massachusetts, as Trustees, hereby declare that they hold the sum of 
Ten Dollars ($10) and will hold any additional money or property transferred to them as Trustees 
hereunder, in trust, as follows: 
FIRST: 
Additional Property. The Trustees may accept any kind of additional property in 
trust hereunder from any person at any time (including, without limitation, property received under 
their wills or otherwise by reason of their deaths), but no such property shall be received and 
accepted if it is conditioned or limited in such manner as to require the disposition of the income or 
its principal otherwise than to a "Charitable Organization" or for "Charitable Purposes" as herein 
defined, or as shall in the opinion of the Trustees jeopardize the federal income tax exemption of this 
trust pursuant to section 501(c)(3) of the Code. 
SECOND: 
Regarding Distributions. 
A. 
Distributions. The Trustees may make distributions from income or principal, or 
both, to or for the use of such Charitable Organizations, or for such Charitable Purposes, as the 
Trustees shall from time to time select and determine; and the Trustees may make direct 
distributions for such Charitable Purposes without making distributions to any Charitable 
Organization. The Trustees may also make distributions to states, territories or possessions of the 
United States, any political subdivision of any of the foregoing, or to the United States or the District 
of Columbia, but only for public purposes within the meaning of section 170(c)(1) of the Code. 
Income or principal derived from contributions by corporations shall be distributed by the trustees 
for use solely within the United States or its possessions. No part of the net earnings of this trust shall 
inure or be payable to or for the benefit of any private shareholder or individual, and no substantial part 
of the activities of this mist shall be the carrying on of propaganda, or otherwise attempting, to influence 
legislation. No part of the activities of this trust shall be the participation in, or intervention in 
(including the publishing or distributing of statements), any political campaign on behalf of any 
candidate for public office. 
B. 
Termination. The trust shall continue forever unless the Trustees terminate it and 
distribute all of the principal and income, which action may be taken by the Trustees in their 
discretion at any time. On such termination, assets shall be distributed for one or more exempt 
purposes within the meaning of section 501(0(3) of the Code, or shall be distributed to the federal 
government or to a state or local government for a public purpose. 
C. 
Charitable Organization. References herein to "Charitable Organization" mean any 
corporation, trust, fund, foundation, or community chest created or organized in the United States or 
in any of its possessions, whether under the laws of the United States, any state or territory, the District 
of Columbia, or any possession of the United States, organized and operated exclusively for Charitable 
Purposes, no part of the net earnings of which inures or is payable to or for the benefit of any private 
shareholder or individual, and no substantial part of the activities of which is carrying on propaganda, 
or otherwise attempting, to influence legislation, and which does not participate in or intervene in 
(including the publishing or distribution of statements), any political campaign on behalf of any 
THE MARVIN MINSKY FOUNDATION 
Pagc I of 6 
EFTA01188055
--- PAGE 2 ---
candidate for public office. It is intended by the preceding sentence to describe an organization that is 
entitled to exemption from federal income tax under section 501(cX3) of the Code. 
D. 
Charitable Purposes. References herein to "Charitable Purposes" shall be limited to 
and shall include only religious, charitable, scientific, literary, or educational purposes within the 
meaning of those terms as used in section 501(c) (3) of the Code (whether carried out directly by the 
trust Or through another organization), but only such purposes as also constitute public charitable 
purposes under the law of trusts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
THIRD: 
Restrictions: In the administration of this trust, the Trustees shall: 
A. 
Distribute the trust's income for each tax year at such time and in such manner as not to 
become subject to the tax on undistributed income imposed by section 4942 of the Code. 
B. 
Not engage in any act of self-dealing as defined in section 4941(d) of the Code. 
C. 
Not retain any excess business holdings as defined in section 4943(c). 
D. 
Not make any investments in such manner as to subject the trust to tax under 
section 4944 of the Code. 
E. 
Not make any taxable expenditures as defined in section 4945(d) of the Code. 
FOURTH: 
Statement of Intent. This trust is intended to qualify in all respects as a tax exempt 
organization within the meaning of sections 501(a) and 501(cX3) of the Code, other relevant and 
successor provisions of the Code and applicable federal tax regulations. It is also intended that 
property transferred to this trust qualify in all respects for a deduction under sections 170(e) and 
2522(a) of the Code, under 2055(a) of the Code with respect to any property included within a 
transferor's gross estate, and under other relevant provisions thereof and applicable regulations 
thereunder. This instrument shall be construed accordingly, and the Trustees are authorized to 
make such amendments to this instrument as may be necessary to achieve such intention, in 
accordance with the provisions of Article FIFTH, below. 
FIFTH: 
Amendment. This instrument may be amended, from time to time, by a writing 
signed by the Trustees but only to the extent that any purported amendment: (1) clarifies the 
meaning or reference of any expression or provision of this instrument, (2) changes or adds to 
the administrative provisions of this instrument, or (3) results in better conformity between this 
instrument and the provisions of federal and state tax laws. No amendment, however, shall 
authorize the Trustees to conduct the affairs of the trust in any manner or for any purpose contrary 
to the provisions of section 501(0)(3) of the Code or inconsistent with any of the intentions stated 
in Article FOURTH, above. An amendment of the provisions of this Article (or 'any amendment to 
it) shall be valid only if and to the extent that such amendment farther restricts the Trustees' amending 
power. 
Subject to the preceding provisions of this Article, a purported exercise of the Trustees' 
power of amendment shall represent a determination by them that such exercise is within the scope 
of their power, and their good faith determination in that regard shall be conclusive upon all persons, 
whether or not ascertained, in being, or under a disability. 
SIXTH: 
Regarding the administration of the trust established by this instrument, in general: 
THE MARVIN MINSKY FOUNDATION 
Pagc 2 of 6 
EFTA01188056
--- PAGE 3 ---
A. 
Trustees' Identity. 
1. 
A reference to "Trustee" or "Trustees" shall be construed to refer to the 
Trustee or Trustees in office at any time whether originally named or appointed later, except as 
otherwise required by the context. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of Trustee, the remaining 
Trustee or Trustees shall have all the powers of the Trustees. Any action may be taken when there are 
more than two (2) Trustees by the affirmative vote of a majority. A Trustee may delegate any part or 
all of his powers to another Trustee to the extent specified in an instrument signed by the delegating 
Trustee and delivered to the other. Each additional or successor Trustee under this instrument shall 
have or share all the powers, authority, and exemptions given to the Trustees originally named 
without any formality or conveyance. A Trustee may resign without leave of court upon written 
notice to another Trustee. Any individual Trustee shall cease to be a Trustee upon becoming legally 
disabled, as evidenced by (a) appointment of a Guardian or Conservator to act on his behalf or (b) 
delivery of a physician's certificate as provided in Paragraph F, below. 
2. 
There shall always be at least two Trustees hereunder. If, however, at any 
time there are not at least two Trustees serving, the remaining Trustee shall appoint a successor 
Trustee, If there are no Trustees serving or the then serving Trustee fails to appoint a successor 
Trustee, a majority of Board of Directors of the trust then serving, as provided for under Article 
SIXTH 4.hereinafter, shall forthwith appoint one or more successor Trustees. 
3. 
Whenever there is an appropriate occasion for the appointment of an 
additional Trustee or any further successor Trustee hereunder, the person designated in a writing 
signed by the then serving Trustee, Trustees or Board of Directors shall become Trustee upon delivery 
of his or her signed acceptance to any of the signers of such designation. The making of any such 
designation shall represent a conclusive determination that there is an appropriate occasion for the 
appointment. 
B. 
Trustees' Powers. The Trustees shall have the following powers without leave of 
court and without limiting any other power which may be conferred upon them in any other manner 
(provided, that no such power may be exercised by the Trustees in a manner inconsistent with Articles 
THIRD and FOURTH hereof): 
1. 
Powers Relating to Investments. 
a. 
Authorized Investments. They may retain, invest, and reinvest 
in real or personal property of any kind, amount, or proportion for any length of time which they 
deem advisable, including mutual fund shares, and stock or other securities of any closely held 
corporation or trust. 
b. 
Voting Rights. They may vote stock or shares of any corporation 
or trust directly or by proxy in such manner as they deem advisable, they may vote for their own 
election (or for the election of any employee or agent of the Trustees) as officers, directors or 
trustees and they may vote in fixing their own compensation. 
c. 
Use of Nominees. They may hold any real or personal property in 
the name of a nominee without disclosure of the trust. 
d. 
Authority to Make Transfers. No transfer agent, bank or other 
person dealing with a Trustee shall be obliged to see to the application of money or other property 
delivered to the Trustee or to ascertain whether he has authority to make transfers. 
2. 
Powers Relating to Disposition of Property. They may buy, sell, 
mortgage, pledge, lease (for any length of time), or otherwise deal with real or personal property 
THE MARVIN MINSKY FOUNDATION 
Pagc 3 of 6 
EFTA01188057
--- PAGE 4 ---
on such terms as they deem proper, they may take such action as they deem advisable regarding the 
sale or exchange of securities in connection with any reorganization or other change in capital 
structure; they may borrow money and pay any debt or claim, and compromise any debt or claim, on 
such terms as they deem proper; they may execute, acknowledge, and deliver a deed, lease, 
guaranty or any other instrument in such manner, in such form, and for such purpose as they deem 
proper; and they may authorize one or more of their number to engage in banking transactions. They 
may make contracts binding on the trust estate and without assuming personal liability. 
3. 
Powers Relating to Distributions to Beneficiaries. 
a. 
To Deterrnine Income and Principal. They may make decisions 
by use of their best informed judgment with respect to the determination of income or principal, 
including the determination of what, if any, deduction shall be made from income for amortization, 
depletion, depreciation or obsolescence: 
b. 
To Distribute Property in Kind. They may distribute property in 
kind, in money, or partly in each, or in undivided fractional or entire interests, to one or more 
distributees on account of any distribution, on the basis of fair market value determined by the 
Trustees as of the time of distribution, without distributing the same kind of property to others. 
c. 
To Determine Source and Extent of Distributions. Whenever 
the Trustees are authorized to make distributions without indication as to whether the distributions 
are to be made from income or principal, they may be made in whole or in part from current net 
income, from accumulated income, Or from principal, as the Trustees deem advisable, and unless 
otherwise expressly provided, the authority to make distributions from principal includes authority to 
distribute all of the principal. 
d. 
To Apply Distributions for Benefit of Beneficiaries. The 
Trustees may apply any part or all of a distribution, if they deem it advisable and in such manner as 
they deem advisable, for the use or benefit of a distributee instead of making payment or transfer to 
him or it directly. 
e. 
To Accumulate Income. Subject to Article THIRD, above, the 
Trustees may accumulate income, and they may hold and invest accumulated income in a separate 
account or add any part or all of it to trust principal when and as they see fit. 
4. 
Miscellaneous Powers. The Trustees may employ such investment and 
tax advisors, legal counsel, custodians, and other persons as they deem advisable and pay them 
reasonable compensation for their services from property with respect to which such services are 
rendered, in addition to receiving reasonable compensation for their own services as Trustees; and 
they may take any other action which they deem necessary or advisable in connection with the 
administration of the trust. Each Trustee acting alone shall have the power to (a) sign checks or orders 
on funds deposited in any bank, (b) endorse cheeks for deposit and (c) endorse certificates or 
execute powers for transfer of securities. 
The Trustees may form and organize a nonprofit corporation or other entity limited 
strictly to the uses and purposes provided for herein, such corporation or other entity to be organized 
under the laws of any state or under the laws of the United States as may be determined by the 
Trustees and, when organized, to have power to administer and control the affairs and property and to 
carry out the uses, objects and purposes of this trust. Upon the creation and organization of such 
corporation or other entity, the Trustees are authorized and empowered to convey, transfer and 
THE MARVIN MINSKY FOUNDATION 
Pagc 4 of 6 
EFTA01188058
--- PAGE 5 ---
deliver to such corporation or other entity all the property and assets to which this trust may be or 
become entitled. 
The Trustees may establish a Board of Directors to assist and advise the Trustees in 
the management the administration of the trust and adopt By-Laws, Mission Statements, and such 
other organizational and administrative policies and procedures to provide for the orderly 
administration of the trust's affairs. The Board of Directors shall advise and assist the Trustees in all 
their decisions and determinations, however all Trustee Powers as set forth in this trust are solely 
provided for the benefit of the Trustees. No Board of Director shall be personally liable for any good 
faith action or omission or for the consequences of any investment made in good faith or for any 
action or omission of any predecessor Board of Director. 
C. 
Finality of Trustees' Judgment: Trustees' Liability, Trustees' Bond. All powers and 
discretion given to the Trustees shall be exercisable in their sole discretion, and all their decisions and 
determinations (including determinations of the meaning and reference of any ambiguous expression 
used in this instrument) made in good faith shall be conclusive upon all persons, whether or not 
ascertained, in being, or under a disability. No Trustee under this instrument shall be personally 
liable for any good faith action or omission or for the consequences of any investment made in 
good faith, or for any action or omission of any predecessor Trustee or co-Trustee. No Trustee shall be 
required to give surety on any bond. 
D. 
Certificate of Trustee. Any person dealing with the trust estate or the Trustees may 
always rely without further inquiry on a certificate signed by any Trustee, as to the identity of the 
Trustees, as to the authority of the Trustees to act, as to any decision made or action taken hereunder 
by the Trustees or any other person, or as to the existence or nonexistence of any fact or facts which 
constitute conditions precedent to acts by the Trustees or which are in any other way relevant to the 
affairs of the trust. 
E. 
Miscellaneous. A provision that a particular matter is to be included within a general 
category shall not be construed to limit the generality of the category, and the use of any gender or 
number shall be construed to refer to any other gender or number unless such reference is plainly 
inconsistent with the context. The word "person" includes, without limitation, individuals, 
corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, trusts, and estates. Reference to the "Code" 
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and reference to any 
particular provision thereof shall include reference to any successor provision. 
F. 
Determination of legal disability. For all purposes of this instrument, a person 
(including, without limitation, any Trustee) shall, without limitation, be deemed to be under a legal 
disability (I) during his minority, or (2) upon delivery to a Trustee (other than himself) or any person 
(other than himself) then eligible to participate in the appointment of additional or successor Trustees of 
a certificate by a licensed physician stating that he has examined such person within thirty (30) days of 
such delivery and that such person is in his opinion unable properly to care for his property by 
reason of advanced age, mental weakness, mental illness or physical disability (provided, however, 
that in such event such legal disability shall be deemed to be removed upon delivery in the same 
manner of a similar certificate stating that such person is again able properly to care for his property). 
SEVENTH: 
Name; Choice-of-law. The trust established hereunder shall be referred to as THE 
MARVIN MINSKY CHARITABLE FOUNDATION. 
accordance with Massachusetts law. 
It shall be governed by and construed in 
THE MARVIN MINSKY FOUNDATION 
Pagc 5 of 6 
EFTA01188059
--- PAGE 6 ---
EXECUTED in duplicate, this 
day of 
, 2014. 
Witness 
Marvin Minsky, Trustee 
Witness 
Witness 
Gloria R. Minsky, Trustee 
Witness 
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS 
COUNTY OF SUFFOLK, ss 
, 2014 
On this day, personally appeared before me, Marvin Minsky, Trustee, and Gloria R. Minsky, 
Trustee, proved to me through satisfactory evidence of identification which were 
, to be the persons whose names are signed on the 
preceding or attached document, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be their free act 
and deed, before me. 
WITNESS my hand and official seal, this 
day of 
, 2014. 
Notary Public 
Print Name: 
My commission expires: 
QACROSAKMNIFarnk)lianisattba 
THE MARVIN MINSKY FOUNDATION 
Pagc 6 of 6 
EFTA01188060

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188061.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: GMAX <a 
To: J Jep cjeeproject®yahoo.com>, "Andersson, Eva"
Subject: FW: :-) 
Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2013 03:11:33 +0000 
Attachments: IMG-20130122-01016jpg 
Check this out...look carefully..the tic says EXHIBITOR :) 
EFTA01188061

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188062.pdf
----------------------------------------
wit -100111.1 ISM OAS 
• 3 
' 
•trA k e 
Analton Can/94 HMO Osoc: *St 
I,  
501 SUS i his VIEW boa karres 
SO east Oft • OS taw Patio Of 
z • 
P I 
A 
N. 
aw
alba 
CATALOG 
• IlE11040 rem iso.4- 4.; 
I %—t is 
\ 
I 1 I 
I)( 1( 
) \\ 
milivoAr sews s 
twit 
it Mu itin 
sne U. *11 
Pre SI 44 
. 11.0", Stunt. 4 4,4 t.,4* mews 
Maillw i.e.o
 Cato 
Wrini
\ I 1 
MS, 
EFTA01188062

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188063.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188063

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188064.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188064

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188065.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Andrea Pfanzelter
To: Jeff Epstein <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Walter Kem 
, Johanna Borstner
Larsen 
Subject: Mongolia draft minutes 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 17:56:57 +0000 
Attachments: Notes_from_Mongolia_Presidential_Advisory_Board_meeting.docx 
>, Terje Rod-
Dear Mr. Epstein 
Please find attached the draft minutes from the first meeting of the Presidential Advisory Group which took place 
in Davos on the 24th January 2014 . Please let us know by next Monday if you have any comments. 
Concerning remuneration please send me your bank details so we can prepare the bank transfers. 
As a follow up to the meeting we have been asked by the president to prepare a work plan. As a first step I would 
therefore suggest that you kindly identify a number of elements in your area of specialization that deserve further 
attention. These points could then be discussed bilaterally between you and the President or his point of contact -
the national security advisor - and will be incorporated into the common work plan. 
Thank you for your participation in the board and looking forward to further cooperation in support of Mongolia. 
Sincerely 
Andrea Pfanzelter 
Andrea Pfanzelter 
Senior Director IPI Vienna 
International Peace Institute 
Freyung 3/2/14 
1010 Vienna 
mailto: 
Dear Mr. Epstein 
Please find attached the draft minutes from the first meeting of the Presidential Advisory Group which took place in 
Davos on the 24th January 2014 . Please let us know by next Monday if you have any comments. 
Concerning remuneration please send me your bank details so we can prepare the bank transfers. 
As a follow up to the meeting we have been asked by the president to prepare a work plan. As a first step I would 
therefore suggest that you kindly identify a number of elements in your area of specialization that deserve further 
attention. These points could then be discussed bilaterally between you and the President or his point of contact — the 
national security advisor - and will be incorporated into the common work plan. 
Thank you for your participation in the board and looking forward to further cooperation in support of Mongolia. 
Sincerely 
Andrea Pfanzelter 
Andrea Pfanzelter 
Senior Director IPI Vienna 
International Peace Institute 
EFTA01188065
--- PAGE 2 ---
Freyung 3/2/14 
1010 Vienna 
EFTA01188066

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188067.pdf
----------------------------------------
Notes from Mongolia Presidential Advisory Board meeting 
Davos, 24 January 2014 
The inaugural meeting of the Mongolia Presidential Advisory Board was held in Davos on 24 
January. 
Taking part in person were: 
• 
Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj, President of Mongolia 
• 
Lundeg Purevsuren, National Security and Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of 
Mongolia 
• 
Larry Summers, former Secretary of the US Treasury, former President of Harvard 
University, Charles W. Eliot University Professor, Harvard University 
• 
Terje Roed-Larsen, former Deputy Prime Minister of Norway, President of the 
International Peace Institute (IPI) 
Joining via telephone were: 
• 
Ehud Barak, former Prime Minister of Israel 
• 
Kjell Magne Bondevik, former Prime Minister of Norway, President of the Oslo Center 
for Peace and Human Rights 
• 
Jeffrey Epstein, Financier 
• 
Kevin Rudd, former Prime Minister of Australia 
The Board was supported by a Secretariat comprised of Andrea Pfanzelter, Director of the IPI 
Vienna Office, and Walter Kemp, IPI Director for Europe and Central Asia. 
The President began by thanking all members of the Board for agreeing to take part in this 
initiative, and to provide the President, and by extension Mongolia, with expertise to develop 
his country in a sustainable, stable and democratic way. 
He observed that there is a tendency for people to think of Mongolia's past (particularly 
Genghis Khan) rather than its future. The President underlined the country's peaceful 
transformation from dictatorship to democracy over the past twenty years. He noted that he 
wants to create a new image for his country, and to develop opportunities for the future. 
Mr. Bondevik highlighted the "Scandinavian welfare model", including the comprehensive 
public responsibility for all facets of life, a strong role for the state in all policy areas, the active 
engage of civil society, strong organizations of employees and employers, and respect for the 
equal rights of all citizens. He underlined the safety of income (including employer-provided 
or public insurance), relatively low differences in income level, gender equality, and high 
participation rates in elections. Other elements of the Scandinavian model are: equal 
opportunity; social solidarity; security for all; job security; economic growth; innovation; and 
EFTA01188067
--- PAGE 2 ---
flexibility to meet new challenges. He mentioned the sovereign equity fund that is saving 
revenue from North Sea oil and gas for future generations. 
The President noted that a law on creating future/sovereign wealth fund is currently going 
through parliament. He said that he would arrange for the law to be translated into English 
and shared with interested members of the Board. 
Mr. Summers commented on fiscal policies and macro-economic tools. He noted that 
Mongolia currently has a relatively low credit rating and that the cost of borrowing is 5% (500 
basis points) higher than for the US Treasury. This suggests a perception of high risk. Therefore 
it is important to bring the credit spread down. He noted that investor confidence could be 
increased by resolving issues between Rio Tinto and the Government of Mongolia in relation 
to the Oyu Tolgoi mine. A solution should be found in line with international obligations and 
honouring contracts that have been signed. The government should make it clear that it 
expects others to do the same. Such a negotiated solution would improve Mongolia's credit 
worthiness and bring down interest costs. 
In terms of the "future fund", he advised to draw on best world practices to use proceeds from 
commodity exports. He advised the President to invest more aggressively than some other 
sovereign funds, i.e. in equities and not just government debt. 
Mr. Epstein noted that it is important to look at all of the country's financial structures and 
institutions — the sovereign wealth fund is only one part of it. 
Mr. Rudd noted that Australia is a long-standing friend of Mongolia and, like Mongolia, is a big 
country with a small population. He recalled how a century ago Australia's economy was based 
on agriculture and mining. Mining is the largest pillar in Australia's economy, responsible for 
ten percent of the country's wealth. Managing this non-renewable resource effectively is vital 
for the future. He underlined the importance of diversifying the economy. 
He stressed the importance of honouring contracts for the sake of the country's international 
reputation, particularly for attracting FDI. He noted the sometimes ruthless approach of 
mining companies, and underlined the importance of effective legislation. He suggested that 
the Mongolian government engage 2-3 experts to provide advice on best practices in the 
mining industry (like regulation, environmental protection). 
On the issue of the pension fund in Norway, Mr. Bondevik stressed the need to resist the 
temptation to spend money from the sovereign equity fund for state projects, since that could 
overheat the economy and deplete resources for future generations. 
Mr. Barak noted that he knows Mongolia well from several visits, and is familiar with its 
security situation and armed forces. He stressed that there is no threat of invasion from 
Mongolia's neighbours. Therefore, the country's limited armed forces should focus on internal 
security issues and making democracy safe. They should be versatile, agile and mobile and 
should be able to shift their centre of gravity quickly from one side of the country to the other. 
EFTA01188068
--- PAGE 3 ---
Because of the large size of the country and the small size of the security services, he stressed 
the need for good intelligence. He also stressed the need for a quick-deployment hospital unit, 
i.a. for disaster response. 
Concerning next steps, the President expressed his desire for expert advice on the specific 
issue areas. He suggested that this could be done both through meetings of the Advisory 
Board, as well as consultations with, and visits by, individual members of the Board. 
Mr. Roed-Larsen said that IPI would develop a concept paper containing proposals on 
democracy, stability, social welfare, and security in Mongolia. Areas to be taken into 
consideration would include: 
• 
The public profile of Mongolia; 
• 
Mongolia's social welfare programs, to the benefit of the people; 
• 
Mongolia's fiscal policies and macroeconomic tools, including the structure and 
functions of the sovereign fund and its investment portfolio; 
• 
Mongolia's "Third Neighbors" policy and suggestions for how to further develop this 
cornerstone in the country's foreign policy; 
• 
Recommendations on how to further promote democracy in Mongolia as well as 
regional security context, based on further development of Mongolia's democratic 
and human rights agenda for the people's well-being and security. 
The concept paper will be produced within the next 4 months, with the aim of the 
development and implementation of a comprehensive and operational plan within the next 3 
years. 
EFTA01188069

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188070.pdf
----------------------------------------
banrs.dia-
4. 
• 
ti
1.
• 
4, j ct. 
-ore
e 
• ---- 
I 'll. 
C
• 
..a
• 
Th. .. air *
• 
meirmr.j.
EFTA01188070

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188071.pdf
----------------------------------------
„vats. 
...e
dier 
\kg 
lisser
famefte likairatr' 
-"yer 
EFTA01188071

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188072.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
EFTA01188072

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188073.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188073

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188074.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Ian Osborne <I 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2013 14:04:35 +0000 
Attachments: WP 20130123_002jpg 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: leffreylpstein 
Sent: 1/23/2013 2:09 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
highlights? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188074

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188075.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188075

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188076.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ian Osborne
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2013 14:05:19 +0000 
Attachments: 20130123 150445jpg 
On 23 Jan 2013 14:09, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
highlights? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188076

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188077.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188077

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188078.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris cj 
To: Paul Morris
Subject: Fw: Tax Topics 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 19:09:05 +0000 
Attachments: feb24tx14.pdf 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1) 
-- Forwarded by Paul Morris/dbidbcom on 02/2512014 02:08 PM ---
From: 
Blanche Christerso&db/dbcom 
To: 
Dale: 
02/2412014 11:46 AM 
Subject: 
Tax Topics 
Attached is the latest edition of Tax Topics. It discusses a recent case regarding New York's "statutory residency" income tax 
rule, along with a proposed asset swap between a grantor and his trust that would be considered a "sale" subject to New 
York's sales tax. It also has the 7520 rates and applicable federal mid-term rates for January, February and March. 
....spring is coming! 
Ti
Blanche Lark Christerson 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company. NA. 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
14th floor. NYC 20-1406 
New York. NV10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Panitn,fr Peefernn 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01188078

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188079.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Blanche Lark Christerson 
Managing Director. Senior Wealth Planning Strategist 
Tax Topics 
2014-02 
The hungry caterpillar 
02/24/14 
States need revenue — and often take an expansive view of their tax laws so as to garner as many receipts 
as possible. What follows are two such examples, both involving New York: its 'statutory residency income 
tax rule, and a proposed 'sale- that would trigger New York sales tax. 
New York's "statutory residency" rule 
New York's income tax law generally treats individuals as New York residents if they are "domiciled" in the 
state (as in, New York is where their hearts and permanent homes are). New York also treats individuals as 
residents if they are not domiciled in the state, but maintain a "permanent place of abode" in New York AND 
spend more than 183 days a year in the state — this is what's known as "statutory residency" (many states 
have similar rules). 
The consequence of being a New York income tax resident is that New York taxes ALL of the taxpayers 
income, regardless of its source. In other words, New York taxes not only earned income, such as wages, 
but "unearned" income as well, such as dividends and capital gains from a securities portfolio. This can 
mean, for example, that if a Connecticut resident runs afoul of New York's statutory residency rule and has 
dividend income, neither state will credit the tax paid to the other state on this income. It is therefore 
possible to be taxed twice on the same income. 
Historically, New York has taken a broad view of what is meant by maintaining a "permanent place of 
abode-: what typically matters is whether the abode could be used as a permanent residence, not whether 
the taxpayer, in fact, uses it that way. That is why Matter of John Gaied v. New York State Tax Appeals 
Tribunal, a recent case from New York's highest court, is of interest (N.Y. Court of Appeals. No. 26, 2118/14). 
Here are the facts: 
The facts. In November 1999, John purchased a multi-family dwelling in Staten Island in the same 
neighborhood as his car repair business, and about a 30 minute commute from his home in New Jersey. 
EFTA01188079
--- PAGE 2 ---
John moved his elderly parents, whom he supported, into the first-floor apartment, and rented out the other 
two apartments (yes, he reported this rental income on his tax return). John paid the utilities for his parents' 
apartment, kept no clothes there and slept on the couch if he stayed overnight, which he sometimes did 
when his father needed help because of a medical condition. For tax years 2001 through 2003, John filed 
New York non-resident returns, although he voted in general elections in New York in 2000. In December 
2003, John sold his New Jersey residence to satisfy a large 2002 federal tax obligation. He put his 
belongings in storage, and moved in with an uncle in New Jersey while he renovated the boiler room in the 
Staten Island property to make an apartment for himself, where he started living in 2004. 
New York audited John's 2001, 2002 and 2003 returns, and said that John owed over $250,000 in New York 
State and City taxes because he was a statutory resident of New York: he had spent over 183 days in New 
York City each year and had maintained a "permanent place of abode- at the Staten Island property. John 
agreed about the 183+ days per year, but disagreed that he had maintained a permanent place of abode. 
An Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) heard the case, and sustained John's tax deficiency; John appealed. 
Initially, the Tax Appeals Tribunal reversed the ALJ's decision on the ground that he did not have living 
quarters at his parents' apartment, and therefore did not maintain a permanent place of abode. 
The New York Department of Taxation moved for reargument, however; it contended that the Tribunal had 
failed to take account of controlling precedent holding that the statutory residency rules only require that the 
taxpayer maintain the abode, and not actually dwell in it. On reargument, the Tribunal agreed with the 
Department of Taxation, although one member of the Tribunal dissented. John appealed and went to New 
York's Appellate Division (No. 513285, 12/27/12). 
The Appellate Division again held for the Tribunal, saying that the issue was whether John had maintained a 
permanent place of abode within the meaning of the tax statute. The Appellate Division concluded that he 
had, even though it stated that "a contrary conclusion would have been reasonable. Two judges dissented, 
saying that there was clear and convincing evidence that John did not live in the dwelling or have any 
"personal residential interest" in the property; to hold that John maintained a 'permanent place of abode' 
within the meaning of the tax law was "irrational and unreasonable: and the income tax deficiency was 
therefore "improper." 
John appealed to New York's highest court, the Court of Appeals. The Court of Appeals noted that the Tax 
Tribunal has interpreted 'maintains a permanent place of abode" to mean that a taxpayer need not reside in 
the dwelling, but merely maintain it, to qualify as a statutory resident. The Court of Appeals examined 
whether that interpretation 'comports with the meaning and intent of the statutes involved, and held there is 
"no rational basis" for it. Indeed, the statute was designed to prevent tax evasion by New York residents; 
accordingly, "the taxpayer, must, himself, have a residential interest in the property; 
The Court of Appeals reversed the Appellate Division decision: it instructed that court to remand the case to 
the New York State Tax Appeals Tribunal, so that the Tribunal could re-examine the case to ascertain 
whether the taxpayer had a 'residential interest" in the Staten Island property. Thus, although the Court of 
Appeals reframed the residency issue in a way that is favorable to John, it is still up to the Tribunal to 
determine whether this beneficial approach applies to John. In other words, the case isn't over yet. 
Comments. This case is being viewed as a sea change in New York's ability to assert that a taxpayer is a 
statutory New York resident because of merely maintaining a permanent place of abode in New York. Yet 
before rejoicing, readers may want to review a few points. First. John asserted that in the years in question, 
he never used his parents' apartment as a residence — remember that he kept no clothes there, and slept on 
the couch the few times he stayed over. Second, the Tax Tribunal must now reexamine John's case in light 
of that "residential interest" — the evidence may or may not support his claim that he had none. Third, how 
EFTA01188080
--- PAGE 3 ---
does the standard of "residential interest" help, for example, a Connecticut resident who trips the 183+ day 
test and buys a New York vacation home on Long Island that he only uses for several weeks a year? 
Answer: it woni, as even that brief usage presumably evinces a "residential interest." (See Matter of Barker, 
Tax Appeals Tribunal, 1/13/11, and the 04/06/11 Tax Topics.) Where this case may be helpful is for non-
resident taxpayers who own New York rental property in which they occasionally "camp our — assuming 
New York has asserted a statutory residency claim against them. 
...and now for the New York sales tax issue 
"Intentionally defective grantor trusts" have an unfortunate name, but are anything but "defective.- Rather, 
they are carefully structured so that the creator of the trust (the "grantor or "senior") owns them for income 
tax purposes, but not for estate tax purposes. In other words, the grantor retains enough of a string to be 
responsible for paying the trusts income taxes (regardless of whether the income stays in the trust or is 
distributed to beneficiaries), but not enough of a string so that the trust will be includible in the grantor's 
estate when she dies. A typical means for creating defective grantor trust status is for the grantor to have 
the power to reacquire trust properly by swapping property of equivalent value (also known as a power of 
substitution). 
The New York State Department of Taxation and Finance recently addressed the potential exercise of such 
a power in an advisory opinion (TSB-A-14(6)S, January 29, 2014). The question was whether the grantor's 
prospective swap of tangible personal property for trust property that was not tangible personal property 
would be subject to New York sales tax. The opinion said that it would be. 
The opinion's analysis. The opinion explained that New York's tax law imposes sales tax on every retail 
sale of tangible personal property unless an exemption applies (none did here). A "sale" includes any 
"transfer of title" for "consideration." Here, the grantor proposed transferring tangible personal property to 
another "person" (the trust) in exchange for other property the trust owned. Because the grantor would be 
receiving something of value, he would be receiving "consideration," notwithstanding the grantor's insistence 
that the trust precluded him from receiving consideration in a swap and that the trustees had no bargaining 
power. 
Said the Tax Department: "a transfer to a trust does not require negotiation to be supported by 
consideration....As long as the individual receives something of value in the transfer, consideration is 
present." The Tax Department also took note of a prior advisory opinion (TSB-A-99(22)S), in which a 
grantor retitled his car in the name of his revocable trust: although the opinion did not state whether the 
grantor had in fact received anything of value in the transfer, it simply noted that if the grantor did, then, yes, 
the transfer would be subject to sales tax; if he did not, the transfer would be free from sales tax. As to this 
proposed swap, the opinion concluded that the grantor and the defective grantor trust are "separate 
taxpayers capable of entering into a sale" for purposes of the sales tax, even though such a sale would be 
ignored for income tax purposes. 
Comments. The grantor's proposed property swap may not sound like a "retail sale- of tangible personal 
property, but it would be for purposes of New York's sales tax statute: title to this tangible personal property 
would change and the grantor would be receiving something of value. What is more curious, however, is 
why this transaction even came up in the first place: it seems unusual for a grantor to swap tangible property 
(such as a painting) for other property the trust holds (such as stock). Suppose, instead, the grantor wanted 
to swap stock for stock, which seems more typical. Although this wouldn't be a "sale" for purposes of the 
sales tax, since stock is "intangible" rather than "tangible" property, one wonders if some other New York 
levy could apply to such a transaction. What an unwelcome thought! Perhaps, in retrospect, the grantor 
wishes he hadn't asked the question. 
EFTA01188081
--- PAGE 4 ---
To sum up 
Whether it is a broad reading of the statutory residence rules or what constitutes a "sale" for purposes of the 
sales tax, states are rarely at a loss when it comes to casting a wide net for potential tax revenue. 
January, February and March 7520 rates 
The January, February and March 2014 applicable federal rates are as follows: the January 7520 rate was 
2.2%, an increase of 0.20% (20 basis points) from December's 2.0% rate. January's mid-term rates were 
also up slightly: 1.75% (annual), 1.74% (semiannual and quarterly), and 1.73% (monthly). (December's mid-
term rates were: 1.65% (annual), 1.64% (semiannual and quarterly), and 1.63% (monthly).) February's 7520 
rate is 2.4%. and the February mid-term rates are 1.97% (annual), 1.96% (semiannual and quarterly) and 
1.95% (monthly). March's 7520 rate is 2.2%, and its mid-term rates are 1.84% (annual), 1.83% (semiannual 
and quarterly) and 1.82% (monthly). 
Blanche Lark Christerson is a managing director at Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management in New York 
City, and can be reached at 
The opinions and analyses expressed herein are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Deutsche Bank AG or any 
affiliate thereof (collectively, the 'Bank). Any suggestions contained herein are general. and do not take into account an individual's 
specific circumstances or applicable governing law. which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and be subject to change. No 
warranty or representation. express or implied. is made by the Bank. nor does the Bank accept any liability with respect to the 
information and data set forth herein. The information contained herein is not intended to be. and does not constitute. legal, tax, 
accounting or other professional advice: it is also not intended to offer penalty protection or to promote. market or recommend any 
transaction or matter addressed herein. Recipients should consult their applicable professional advisors prior to acting on the 
information set forth herein. This material may not be reproduced without the express permission of the author. "Deutsche Bank" means 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management represents the asset management and wealth 
management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Clients are provided Deutsche Asset & Wealth 
Management products or services by one or more legal entities that are identified to clients pursuant to the contracts, agreements. 
offering materials or other documentation relevant to such products or services. Trust and estate and wealth planning services are 
provided through Deutsche Bank Trust Company. N.A., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware and Deutsche Bank National Trust 
Company. O 2014 Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. All rights reserved. 017526 022414 
Tax Topcs 0&24+14 4 
EFTA01188082

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188083.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice <II
> 
To: Epstein J <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re 
Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2013 18:04:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
I'm not getting it 
Could you have someone print picture and you draw rough outline 
Nothing measures up 
Brice M Gordon 
EFTA01188083
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188084
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188085
--- PAGE 4 ---
%. 
EFTA01188086

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188087.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein < 
Subject: Fwd: Test 
Date: The, 25 Feb 2014 19:11:23 +0000 
Attachments: DSC01368.jpg; DSC01369.jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Tuesday, February 25, 2014 
Sub'ect: Test 
To: 
Dea: 
You find attached photos of black lacquer buffet. 
dimensions: 
length: 98 in 
width: 20 in. 
High: 41 in 
Price: € 12,000 
We have a pair if you want. 
I ask the fare to New York. 
Please notify me. 
Best regards 
Frederic / Rodolphe 
From: 
Sent: Tuesda Februa 
25, 2014 4:16 PM 
To: 
Subject: Test 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01188087
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01188088

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188089.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: brice gordon • 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Re 
Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2013 18:46:46 +0000 
Attachments: photo-5.JPG 
as requested 
On Wed, Jan 23, 2013 at 2:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please take phot standing in the center line of the pool on top looking down at the road and new area 
On Wed, Jan 23, 2013 at 1:04 PM, Brice 
> wrote: 
I'm not getting it 
Could you have someone print picture and you draw rough outline 
Nothing measures up 
Brice M Gordon 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188089
--- PAGE 2 ---
Brice Gordon 
USV1 
Phone: 
New Mexico 
Phone: 
EFTA01188090

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188091.pdf
----------------------------------------
zt•-  - a-fr.; 
et --erk 
.414eisa,
41O- 
•Lr6711".• *ik• 
• ',t.• 
- 
• cot'
irge 
..< 
, 
?c, 
git,#7k • 
. .... 
I 
- • 
y rLi ..,,.p,,'1.4 .., _, , : 
t 
4. • 
Y ": 
• .i,.z. y i:c-c, 
.." 
. .,. . , . . . ..  
,< 
$. . 
c' Iiir , ‘,4 ;
• 
.f:.-
L , —st 
% 
r irt .4,( 
• \ ;if, . 0, 
I, • 
EFTA01188091

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188092.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <1 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Next Meeting, and materials 
Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2013 20:51:16 +0000 
Attachments: GENI_White-Paper_2013-01-03.docx.pdf; HansonCV_2013-01-09.pdf 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "David Hanson" 
Subject: FW: Next Meeting, and materials 
Date: January 23, 2013 3:44:35 PM EST 
To: "'Lesley Groff" 
Hi Lesley, 
This email to Jeffrey bounced, so I hope you can get it to him with the attached materials, which are important 
for our discussion. 
Thank you! 
David 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Here are some materials related to my vision for the pursuit of Genius Machines, including the attached white paper 
summary of the Genius Machines project (under the title of the GENI-Lab), my CV, and the following summary 
statement of my aspirations for the lab: 
• I strive for Genius Machines — machines with greater-than-human capabilities, especially consciousness, creativity 
and compassion. To this end, I propose founding the Lab for Friendly Genius Machines, a.k.a. GENI-Lab, to 
develop brilliant robots that literally come to life. 
• The GENI-Lab will pursue the superdiscipline of artificial genius, bridging the arts, A.I., robotics, sciences of mind, 
and bio-inspired engineering. Each GENI--an acronym for GENeration of Intelligence—represents an iterative 
step towards Genius Machines. 
• The GENI-Lab aspires to understand the physical/mathematical nature of mind, creativity, play, ethics, and 
compassion, and test its theories within embodied anthropomorphic characters, including androids. 
• When embodied as such, GENI may inspire love, learn from intuitive interactions with people, and grow to 
understand us better. Such character-GENI also help to scientifically investigate human perception and 
relationships. 
• Testing human responses to such GENI robots can help scientifically investigate human perception, and improve 
human-agent interactions. Raising AGI among people as characters may develop machine empathy. Yet, this work 
could produce unintended consequences; therefore, we will investigate potential hazards of human-AGI 
interactions, both theoretically and experimentally. 
• The GENI-Lab will bring together neurally-inspired software design, with cutting-edge A.I. research, to achieve 
unprecedented models of human personalities and intelligence. By modeling actual human personalities in detail, 
we are able to test our theories against the actual performance of humans. 
• The arts also function centrally in GENI-Lab methodology—providing intuitive models of mind, social percepts, 
and creativity, propelling functionality beyond what engineering alone can achieve. Similarly, industry 
partnerships are critical (medical, entertainment, therapy, toys, etc), providing valuable data and feedback from 
real world uses, and a natural ecology for machines to develop genius abilities. In general, the GENI-Lab is open 
and participatory, open-sourcing most of its work, forging worldwide alliances in a bottom-up "Apollo Program" 
to achieve Friendly Genius Machines. 
EFTA01188092
--- PAGE 2 ---
• To this end, the GENI-Lab will push our GLUE.ai initiative, to bridge existing AI and related activitities, to enable 
rapid development of new generations of intelligent systems, both within the GENI-Lab, and by groups around the 
world. The GENI-Lab will also seek fundamental understanding of the 
• I am uniquely qualified to found and help lead the GENI-Lab, with expertise and accomplishments in robotics, art 
practice, A.I., technoculture, cognitive science, material science, and business. My works in expressive androids 
with intelligent conversations, and my cognitive science research on the Uncanny Valley, are widely cited. My 
android portraits of Philip K Dick, Einstein, and Bina Rothblatt achieved breakthroughs in mind uploading—using 
A.I. and large datasets to create functional portraits of existing personalities. The GENI-Lab will extend this work 
into bold new directions. 
• My entrepreneurship, fundraising, and manufacturing experience, both in U.S. and China, demonstrate that I can 
transform ideas by teamwork into disruptive results. My companies Hanson Robotics Inc and Hanson RoboKind 
LLC successfully deliver product to scientific research, medical, and consumer markets. New leadership at these 
companies enables my renewed focus on research. However, my ownership of these companies, and relations with 
many others, offer strong channels to commercially deploy results of GENI-Lab research. I also bring exceptional 
proficiency in the arts. With a BFA in film from RISD, professional experience as sculptor and designer, and 
exhibitions at museums around the world, I know the power of aesthetics, narrative, and unbridled creativity. 
Treated as narrative/figurative art, intelligent characters serve as scaffolds from which to grow social A.I. 
Diversified creativity explores the poetry as well as principles of intelligent agents, supplying surprise, fueling 
evolution. 
• My history demonstrates successful transdisciplinary collaborations with distinguished artists, scientists, and 
businesses, with examples including JPL-physicist Yoseph Bar-Cohen, artist David Byrne, neuroscience 
researchers Javier Movellan, Alice O'Toole and many others. I cofounded the 2006 European Indigo consortium 
of cognitive robotics, winning over $6M Euro in EU funding, resulting in ground-breaking robots and open-source 
software. I founded and directed numerous other teams, for robotics, material science, and Al. I bring these 
experiences and relations to the GENI-Lab, as well as strong Hong Kong collaborations, including with Ben 
Goertzel, businessman T.S. Wong and his company Jetta, and many other local scientists and engineers. 
• In general Hong Kong provides an ideal milieu for the GENI-Lab, proven as a world-center in robotics and AI 
research, robotics manufacturing, philanthropy, and investment, so provides a perfect culture for growing Genius 
Machines. From here, we will coordinate with research around the globe, to solve problems with an international 
force of leaders in research. 
• Co-founding the GENI-Lab with renowned A.I. researcher Ben Goertzel and roboticist Mark Tilden, provides the 
proper base for success, as each of us brings global connections for international collaborations, and world class 
expertise in domains related to the pursuit of Genius Machines. 
• The GENI-Lab will work by series of spectacular sprints towards tangible results, striving for minimum of 4 such 
sprints per year. Each sprint will seek to demonstrate , while breakthrough science, and incrementally advancing . 
Using these methods with my brilliant colleagues, the GENI-Lab will unleash great surges in progress towards the 
most transformative technology in the history of Earth. 
• Eagerly I anticipate realizing Friendly Genius Machines together with you in coming days. Thank you for your 
consideration. 
Kind regards, 
David Hanson, Ph.D., Founder/ Chief Scientist, Hanson Robotics Inc. 
www.HansonRobotics.com 
The information contained in this e-mail is confidential. Any unauthorized use or 
transmission is prohibited. If you are not an intended addressee, please delete this e-mail 
and notify the sender. . . 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto: 
Sent: Sunday, January 20, 2013 4:16 PM 
To: David Hanson 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Thanks for the info. I will be back to you. 
EFTA01188093
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 20, 2013, at 4:36 PM, "David Hanson" < 
> wrote: 
> Hi Lesley, 
> I fly from DFW. My name's spelled David Hanson, birthdate: 12-20-69. 
> Thursday will be fine 
> Thanks! 
> David Hanson, Ph.D., Founder/CTO, Hanson Robotics Inc. 
> www.HansonRobotics.com 
> The information contained in this e-mail is confidential. Any unauthorized 
> use or transmission is prohibited. If you are not an intended addressee, 
> please delete this e-mail and notify the sender. 
Original Message 
> From: Lesley Groff [mailto: 
> Sent: Sunday, January 20, 2013 7:52 AM 
> To: 
> Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
> Good morning David. I understand Jeffrey would like you to come see him this 
> week. What airport do you fly out of? Also need the exact spelling of your 
> name (the way it is o your ID) as well as your birthdate. I am thinking we 
> bring you up on Thursday, but will get back to you on that. 
> Thanks, lesley 
> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188094

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188095.pdf
----------------------------------------
White Paper 
GENI-Lab 
January 03, 2013 
Purpose: 
The GENI-Lab seeks to expand and integrate development of intelligent machines, to realize human-
level generally intelligent machines, with human-like android bodies, the memories of people, and 
deploy them in uses. By raising them like people, among people, we hope to teach them compassion 
and wisdom, with the ultimate goal of achieving Genius machines—machines with greater-than-
human creative brilliance and super-intelligence. 
Overview: 
We propose the GENI as a coordinated, global initiative for strong A.I.—a massive effort among 
disparate fields to achieve human-level general intelligence and creativity in machines by 2023. We 
will start with a lab of top-flight scientists, using Hanson Robotics androids as the platform for this 
pursuit. While we will start small, this lab will also foster the global Initiative for Awakening Machines 
(IAM). This program would be analogous to the Apollo Space Program of the 1960s, with a centrally 
organized approach that manages the efforts of researchers at thousands of institutions. However, 
unlike the Apollo program, the infrastructure of the program will be open and participatory, 
facilitating "bottom up" contributions—the sort of spontaneous competition and cooperation among 
participants that results in surprising leaps forward. Based in Hong Kong, the GENI-Lab will bring 
together Dr. David Hanson—leading artist/scientist developing androids, Dr. Ben Goertzel—leading 
A.I. scientist, and Dr. Mark Tilden—leading developer of biped robot bodies, and getting these 
manufactured in China. The GENI-Lab will do the following: build numerous "spectacular innovations" 
for media attention, assist the Hanson manufacturing of androids in China, develop better A.I. for 
humanoid robots, generate IP with commercial spinoffs and licensing deals, and help build the global 
community for Genius Machines. 
Problem: 
Currently, machine intelligence research is fragmented. While many intelligent component 
technologies have emerged in the last four decades and seen successful deployment, such 
components are specialized in their capabilities—they are not flexible, adaptive or creative in the 
manner human intelligence. The few research groups that work on cognitive frameworks which bring 
intelligent pieces together into intelligent systems face a constant struggle with the daunting, massive 
complexity of such system design and implementation [Hanson, 04, 05, and 07, Brachman, 06). As a 
result, such cognitive systems are narrow in their usefulness and intelligent components such as 
speech recognition and machine perception, are not engineered to integrate well with cognitive 
systems. 
The fundamental problem with existing, fragmented efforts is that they cannot address the 
sprawling, complex design requirements of synthetic human-like intelligence. We believe that a total 
intelligent system must be treated as an integrated engineering challenge—systemically more than a 
simple sum of parts. Without a more expansive, multinstitutional initiative like the GENI Initiative, it 
will remain difficult to address the grand challenge of human-level cognition in machines. 
Motivation: 
The benefits of more flexible machine intelligence would be huge, and could address needs in 
numerous areas including: the economy, health care, energy, transportation, supply and delivery, 
entertainment, consumer products, and personal assistance. The technology could help to make 
civilization more efficient, creative, and productive, boosting GDP and standards of living. Moreover, 
CONTACT: 
Dr. David Hanson: 
EFTA01188095
--- PAGE 2 ---
White Paper 
GENI-Lab 
January 03, 2013 
discoveries along this avenue of inquiry can also help to unlock mysteries the neuro-cognitive 
foundation of human nature, which could lead to new therapies and other technologies. 
Solution: 
To address this problem, we propose the GENI Initiative—a multinational, multi-institutional 
collaborative with potentially thousands of participants. We contend that only by bringing together 
massive numbers of disparate researchers whose work can be improved by this integrated approach, 
can the goal of highly intelligent machines be achieved. In the process, we expect smarter useful 
systems and component technology to be developed, and breakthroughs in understanding human 
intelligence as well. In the pursuit of robust, adaptive, generally-intelligent machines, this organization 
will undertake the system design and integration of numerous components into cognitive super-
systems, which are then tested and iteratively redeveloped over the course of the project. 
To achieve the grand objectives, we intend for the GENI to grow to the size and strength of other 
large collaborative initiatives like the FSF/GNU/Linux movement (which harnesses the efforts of 
thousands of developers) and the Apollo space program (which at its peak had over 400,000 
employees and the support of over 20,000 companies and universities [Wikipedia, 20091). To do so, 
the GENI must serve the needs of existing efforts, bridging research, government, and industry 
groups. 
The GENI will not seek to compete with existing cognitive A.I. efforts, but instead seeks to enhance 
existing efforts, to develop interfaces among those efforts, and to accelerate dialogue and 
coordination among the institutions. GENI will seek to help existing organizations to achieve their 
current and future objectives, formalize those objectives into larger-scale efforts, and provide 
information and organizational resources to accomplish those objectives. The GENI will provide 
developer tools, integrated development resources, and interfaces among competing standards. 
The GENI Initiative will be a non-profit, multi-institutional collaborative, with government, 
university, and corporate participation. Funding for the program will come from governments and 
private institutions, as grants, targeted R&D initiatives, and in-kind donations. Donors will receive 
special benefits in exchange for their contributions. 
Success Criteria 
The GENI will seek to specify quantifiable tests that allow us to determine if we have succeeded in our 
objective of human-level creative intelligence in machines by 2019. These tests will require flexible, 
general purpose problem solving that would require human-level genius to solve. Existing tests are not 
adequate, so one activity of the GENI will be to define, announce, and moderate these tests. 
Ethics 
The GENI Initiative will work to create not just intelligent machines, but wise machines. We 
acknowledge that wisdom, compassion, and social intelligence are advanced forms of intelligence, 
which need to be brought to functionality in machines for machine intelligence to reach its potential 
safely. Machines need to seek the greatest common good, in collaboration with humans. It is also a 
danger that increasing levels of creative intelligence in machines could lead to un-predictable, 
unintended consequences. We need to consider what steps are needed to avoid psychotic or 
sociopathic intelligent machines, and to ensure that we realize machines that are wise and good. 
Intelligent machine ethics must remain a topic of ongoing discussion. However, as a start, GENI 
targets the following objectives to create friendly machine intelligence: 
CONTACT: 
Dr. David Hanson: 
EFTA01188096
--- PAGE 3 ---
White Paper 
GENI-Lab 
January 03, 2013 
1. Machine empathy—the machines should understand how people feel, what people's 
objectives are, and how to plan optimally for the greatest possible good, a.k.a. creativity, 
preservation, wealth, stability, and happiness, for the greatest number of people, over the 
longest possible period of time. 
2. Machine values—machines should value and understand life, knowledge, and human 
civilization. 
3. Priority development of those interfaces and applications that enable machines to bond with 
people, and develop capabilities of empathy—such as character robots and agents. Such 
intelligent character machines require a unique combination of flexible cognitive architecture, 
powers of empathy, and and intuitive naturalistic interface for interacting with people. 
Cognitive character machines have numerous early applications as well, from customer 
service, to therapy, to entertainment, and science applications. 
People 
Dr. David Hanson brings extensive practical experience leading research and building mass-manufactured 
commercial robots like the Robokind, and customized adult human scale robots like Hubo-Einstein 
(Hanson et al, 2006). 
Dr. Ben Goertzel leads the international movement in the Al field toward "Artificial General Intelligence", 
and serves as the chief architect of the OpenCog cognitive architecture, which has been extensively 
used to control virtual agents in online worlds, and to control Nao humanoid robots (Goerztel, 2007). 
Dr. Mark Tilden is a robotics physicist who produces complex, intelligent behavior in robots using 
analog logic circuits, best known for his invention of BEAM robotics and the WowWee Robosapien 
humanoid robot. He has developed human-scale biped robots, manufactured at low cost in China. 
Infrastructure 
GENI will develop a software infrastructure for intelligent systems, with realistic humanlike robotic 
embodiments. The humanoid robots will be provided by David Hanson and Mark Tilden. To start 
Hanson Robotics will provide the Android Portrait of Philip K. Dick as a platform to begin, as well as 
Hanson Robotics open software for cognitive humanoids. Ben Goertzel will provide Open Cog support, 
and guidance towards the improved infrastructure for Genius Machines. 
Much infrastructure developed by GENI will be made open source, to facilitate rapid and wide-
spread development. However, developers working with the GENI codebase can make their own code 
either proprietary or open-source—the choice is up to them. Proprietary code can interface with open 
source code in such a way that both licenses are preserved, and the rights of all developers are 
protected. Commercial applications may be freely developed and deployed with the open-source 
code-base. This mixed-IP approach allows companies and institutions with differing IP policies to 
collaborate and mutually benefit, and the whole system grows smarter as a result. 
While GENI will define and manage top-down objectives for intelligent systems, GENI is not just top-
down, but is bottom-up as well, enabling spontaneous participation, collaborations, and construction 
and testing of novel systems designs. 
For the top-down activities, the GENI organization will: 
1. charter objectives for researchers, including proposed cognitive systems architectures 
2. hold competitions and judge the results 
3. manage multi-institutional funding acquisition and allocation 
For the bottom-up activities, GENI will provide: 
1. Social network with tools for collaboration 
CONTACT: 
Dr. David Hanson: 
EFTA01188097
--- PAGE 4 ---
White Paper 
GENI-Lab 
January 03, 2013 
a. Tools to organize, propose, recruit, and manage projects 
b. Repository, wiki, websites 
c. Showcasing results from participants 
2. Interfaces among robotics and A.I. components, frameworks, standards: 
a. Cognitive architectures: Open-Cog, BDI, Soar, GSMs, etc 
b. Yarp, Player, Willow-Garage, Rubi-OS, MS Robotics, etc 
c. Semantic Web, RDF, OWL, Open-Cyc, Semantic Vectors, Google, etc 
3. Perceptual components: Intel Open CV, Fluent, Sphinx, Dragon NS 
4. Tools for testing and use 
a. Servers run functioning code, for real-time testing & use 
The Name 
We chose the name GENI as an acronym of the terms "GENerations of Intelligence", "GENerally 
Intelligent machines", and "GENIus machines"; however, GENI also intentionally alludes to the ancient 
myths of the "Genie" or Djinn (http://en.wikipedia.ordwikitlinn), which shares its etymology with the 
term genius. These origins remind us to be cautious, as we seek to realize Al as strange ethereal 
beings with super-human powers, we must be careful to make these being wise and able to use their 
powers to humanity's benefit. 
Requirements 
Budget Overview 
a. Facilities 
i. 
b. Staff 
c. 
d. 
Rent, Utilities, IT, security 
Improving Facilities 
Robots, supplies 
i. 2 lead AI/Robotics scientists 
ii. 2 support engineers 
iii. 2 general helpers 
iv. 2 (web) designers 
v. Blogger/writer 
vi. Admin, 
Outreach 
i. Travel 
ii. Hosting workshops 
iii. GENI awards 
Total per month 
$5k/month 
$1k/month 
$3k/month 
$26k/month 
$14k/month 
$10k/month 
$6k/month 
$5k/month 
$4k/month 
$5k/month 
$4k/month average 
$1k/month 
$84,000 per month 
e. Total for 36 months: 
Assets: 
a. 
$3,024,000 USD 
We already have a solid base of assets: 
Award-winning, open source Al4AGI platform(s) with high-level functionality 
a. Hanson Al (Character Engine): award-winning (AAAI and others) conversational 
intelligence, with integrated vision, animation control, emotional models, 
CONTACT: 
Dr. David Hanson: 
EFTA01188098
--- PAGE 5 ---
White Paper 
GENI-Lab 
January 03, 2013 
designed for human-robot interaction, this software models human emotions, 
motives, and learns from users, while engaging people in entertaining and useful 
interactions. 
b. Goertzel Open Cog; the world's premiere AGI project, with models for 
computational creativity, adaptation, and general intelligence. 
c. Both platforms interface with numerous other open source Al projects, thereby 
bridging global efforts to achieve more powerful AI, leading towards true Genius 
Machines. 
b. Numerous robot platforms are now owned by GENI for conducting the research: 
a. $220,000 of Hanson robots, including Hanson Robotics' Philip K Dick android 
(recently rebuilt, with our best technology), Hanson RoboKind small walking 
androids (x2)—one being the Zeno, and another being the Alice robot. 
b. World-class lab for building custom robots and sensors, to address new research 
needs. 
c. Relationships with mass-manufacturers producing standard robot platforms, 
including Hanson, Tilden, and others; providing infrastructure for deploying our 
research, and for obtaining the best standardized platforms rapidly, at cost. 
c. $540,000 USD in grant funding. 
d. We have a phenomenal, world class team, ready to commence work in the GENI-Lab, 
bringing both talent, and a world-class brand and reputation to the GENI-Lab, with an avid 
global community of supporters. 
Next Steps: 
To realize the great objectives of the GENI Initiative, we must further develop the plan and the 
organization. Here is a list of short term needs; please let us know your interest in participating: 
1. We need sponsors and investors, to fill our funding needs. 
2. We seek to expand our team of expert advisors, participants, champions. 
a. Leaders in related fields 
b. Corporate leaders 
c. Government support from a variety of agencies. 
d. Guidance and advice from non-profit associations that focus on related areas 
3. We will expand the GENI organizational governance, board, etc. 
4. We will continue to refine our objectives, grand challenges, and strategy, and execute 
aggressively in a series of sprints that will form a continuum towards true Genius Machines. 
References: 
Hanson, D. "Humanizing Computer Interfaces with Humanlike Appearance and Capabilities", Ph.D. 
dissertation, the University of Texas at Dallas, May, 2007. 
Goertzel, B. Advances in Artificial General Intelligence (IOS Press, 2007) co-edited with Pei Wang. 
Oh, J.H., Hanson, D., Kim, W.S., Han, Y., Kim, J.Y. and Park, I.W., 2006, "Design of android type 
humanoid robot albert HUBO," in Proc. IEEE/RJS IROS Robotics Conference, Beijing, 2006. Int. 
Conf. on Intell. Robots and Sys., IEEE/RSJ, pp. 14F-1433. 
CONTACT: 
Dr. David Hanson: 
EFTA01188099
--- PAGE 6 ---
White Paper 
GENI-Lab 
January 03, 2013 
Hanson D. "Bioinspired Robotics", chapter 16 in the book Biomimetics, ed. Yoseph Bar-Cohen, CRC 
Press, October 2005. 
Hanson D., "Chapter 18: Applications for Electrically Actuated Polymer Actuators," in Electrically 
Actuated Polymer Actuators as Artificial Muscles, Bar-Cohen Y. (Ed.) SPIE PRESS, Washington, USA, 
Vol. PM98, 2nd ed. March 2004. 
Brachman, R. "More than the Sum of Its Parts", Al Magazine Volume 27 Number 4 (2006) 
Wikipedia and NASA Langley Research Center's Contributions to the Apollo Program, (accessed 2009) 
CONTACT: 
Dr. David Hanson: 
EFTA01188100

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188101.pdf
----------------------------------------
DAVID HANSON 
ARTIST, SCIENTIST 
1201 Creekfield Drive, Plano, TX 75075, 
Website: www.HansonRobotics.com, Portfolio: 
(htto./Awm.facebook.com/media/sernset—a.10150121106857024.279436.676407023)
VISION 
I O 
I quest to realize Genius Machines—machines with greater than human 
intelligence, creativity, wisdom, and compassion. To this end, I conduct 
research in robotics, artificial intelligence, the arts, cognitive science, product 
design and deployment, integrating these efforts in the pursuit of novel 
human robot relations. Through this work, I pursue scientific understanding 
of human mind, purpose, and our context in the cosmos, seeking to 
philosophically and computationally model the physical nature of mind, 
consciousness, creativity, and emergence, and to empower our algorithms 
with these magical abilities. I also query: what can and should we (as a 
civilization, in symbiosis with our technology and with nature) create next? 
How can we increase the likelihood of beneficial results, and lower the 
probabilities of existential threats resulting from our creations? I believe that 
building human-inspired character agents can push our A.I. to grow positive 
humanlike values, build strong human-machine relations, and that these 
developments will be needed for intelligent machines to be safe as they 
approach general (human-level) intelligence and creativity. Raising such 
machines among us as works of art—to be protagonists, friends, and 
members of our family—may push them to convergently evolve values 
analogous to ours, and thus come to truly care for us and earn our trust. 
While we have a long way to go before making machines truly alive, even the 
early versions of the robot have made strong leaps forward towards this goal, 
resulting in numerous awards, breakthrough abilities in conversational 
capabilities and abilities to see people, see people's expressions, hold 
intelligible conversations, model who you are and what you believe, feel and 
know, in robots that inspire the love (and fear) of people around the world. 
Given the potentially profound impacts on humanity if we achieve our goals, 
the Genius Machines movement certainly must weigh the ethical 
consequences of a brave new world of living media; hopefully our cautious 
approach will unleash super-friends, not super-monsters. To achieve such 
FRIENDLY Genius Machines, however, will require much bolder efforts, both 
in development, and consideration of consequences. To this end, I work to 
forge networks of collaboration and dialogue with scientists around the 
world, in a growing open-source movement to achieve Genius Machines with 
deep benevolence, love and caring for humans, life, and all we hold dear. 
Dr. David Hanson creates androids—humanlike robots with intelligence and 
feelings. Via integrated research in cognitive A.I., bio-inspired mechanics, 
material science, sculpture and animation, expressive robotic faces and 
walking robot bodies, Hanson strives to bring robots to life, literally, as 
synthetic organisms. The walking, talking robots resulting from Hanson's 
efforts have been heralded as "genius" by WIRED magazine and PC magazine, 
and featured in Scientific American, National Geographic, BBC, Popular 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
EFTA01188101
--- PAGE 2 ---
Science, Le Figaro, Science Magazine, and many other venues. A former Walt 
Disney Imagineer, Hanson received and co-received awards from TEA, NASA, 
NSF, AAAI, Tech Titans' Innovator of the Year, and Cooper Hewitt Design 
Triennial, and several best poster and paper awards. Hanson invented or co-
invented numerous technologies, including patented lipid-bilayer nanotech 
for naturalistic skin, expressive face mechanisms, virtual character tools, and 
neurocognitive-inspired software systems for machine cognition. He has 
published over 30 peer-reviewed papers with IEEE, Science, Springer, Cog Sci, 
AAAI, and SPIE, chapters in 4 books, and coauthored a book with JPL senior 
scientist Yoseph Bar-Cohen. As an artist in various media, Hanson exhibited 
at the Cooper Hewwit, the Tokyo Modern, the Reina Sofia, and many other 
museums and galleries, as well as sculpting for the Atlantis Resort, Universal 
Studios Islands of Adventure, and Disney Imagineering for Tokyo Disneyland, 
Tokyo Disney Sea, and Disneyworld, and receiving positive art reviews in the 
New York Times, the L.A. Times, the Atlantic, Ubiquity and others. Hanson 
received his Ph.D. from the University of Texas at Dallas in Aesthetic Studies/ 
Interactive Arts and Engineering, with over 40 hours of graduate 
neuroscience and cognitive science courses, and holds a BFA in 
film/video/animation from Rhode Island School of Design. David Hanson 
founded Hanson Robotics to pursue character robot research and to 
transition the results into helpful robot products. Since then, Hanson and 
team released numerous noted robots, including the Philip K. Dick Android, 
the walking Einstein portrait Albert-Hubo (in collaboration with KAIST), 
Bina48, and the small Zeno RoboKind. These robots serve a wide range of 
research in cognitive science, autism treatment, and robotics at institutions 
including JPL, Cambridge University, KAIST, UCSD, and the University of 
Geneva, U. Pisa, and the Autism Treatment Center in Dallas. Currently 
Hanson's research explores uses of these robots for autism treatment, 
science education, the arts, safety equipment test platforms, arts, science, 
and several other applications. Ultimately, by emulating human bio-systems, 
from cognition to locomotion to social expression, Hanson seeks to unlock 
mysteries of human nature and yield machines that are creatively brilliant, 
truly conscious, and friends with us. Towards this end, in 2009 Hanson 
founded the nonprofit Initiative for Awakening Machines (IAM), GLUE.AI, and 
GENI.AI initiatives, dedicated to realizing friendly genius machines. Hanson 
actively collaborates with many researchers in numerous scientific and arts 
disciplines, seeking to bridge these into an integrated "superdiscipline", in 
pursuit of insights into the nature of mind and meaning. 
PUBLICATIONS 
Hanson, D., Lowcre, M. M. M. "Organic creativity and the physics within". 
Philadelphia, Amsterdam: Benjamins, 2012. 
Hanson, D., "Genius Machines", Ho::Bo Press, 2012. 
Ranatunga, I., Torres N., Stevenson M., Patterson R., Hanson D., Bugnariu N., 
Popa, D. "RoDiCA a Human-Robot Interaction System for Early Diagnosis of 
Childhood Autism Spectrum Disorders", IROS, 2012. 
Hanson, D., Mazzei, D., Garver, C., De Rossi, D., Stevenson, M. "Realistic 
Humanlike Robots for Treatment of ASD, Social Training, and Research; 
Shown to Appeal to Youths with ASD, Cause Physiological Arousal, and 
Increase 
Human-to-Human 
Social 
Engagement", 
PETRA 
(PErvasive 
Technologies Related to Assistive Environment), 2012. 
Bergman, M.S., Zhuang, Z., Wander, J., Hanson, D., Heimbuch, B., McDonald, 
M., Palmiero, A., Shaffer, R., Husband, M. "Development of an Advanced 
Respirator Fit Test Headform", DTIC, 2012. 
Coursey, K., Hanson, D. "Computational Compassion", a funded SBIR proposal 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 2 
EFTA01188102
--- PAGE 3 ---
with the National Science Foundation, 2012. 
Bergman, M., Zhuang, Z., Palmiero A., Wander, J., Heimbuch B., McDonald, M., 
Hanson, D., "Testing of a Novel Advanced Respirator Fit Test Headform", 
International Society for Respiratory Protection Sixteenth International 
Conference in Boston, MA, 2012. 
Mazzei, D., Lazzeri, N., Hanson, D., De Rossi, D. "HEFES: An Hybrid Engine for 
Facial Expressions Synthesis to Control Human-Like Androids and Avatars", 
The Fourth IEEE RAS/EMBS International Conference on Biomedical Robotics 
and Biomechatronics, 2012. 
Bergman, M., Zhuang, Z., Palmiero, A., Wander, J., Heimbuch, B., 
McDonald,M., Hanson, D., "Development of an Advanced Respirator Fit Test 
Headform", AIHce in Indianapolis, IN, 2012. 
Editor on the Editorial Board of the International Journal of Advanced Robotic 
Systems, 2012. 
Hanson, D. "Robotics in the World of Entertainment", American Physical 
Society (APS) March Meeting Abstracts, 2011 - adsabs.harvard.edu, March 
21-25,2011. 
Hanson D., Baurmann S., Riccio T., Margolin R., Dockins T., Tavares M., 
Carpenter, K., "Zeno: a Cognitive Character", Al Magazine, and special Proc. 
of AAAI National Conference, Chicago, 2009. 
Bar-Cohen., Y., Hanson, D., The Coming Robotics Revolution, Springer Press, 
2009. 
Mavridis, N., Hanson, D. "The Ibn Sina Center: A case study in Augmented 
Reality Theater with Intelligent Robotic and Virtual Characters" Proc. IEEE 
Ro-Man 2009. 
Kasap, Z., Moussa, M., Chaudhuri P., Hanson D., Magnenat-Thalmann N., 
"From Virtual Characters to Robots - A novel paradigm for long term 
human-robot interaction", ACM/IEEE Human Robot Interaction Conference 
2009. 
Poster presentation at IEEE ARSO'08: "Zeno, a Cognitively Capable Character", 
in Taiwan, 2008. 
Hanson, D. "Humanizing Computer Interfaces with Humanlike Appearance 
and Capabilities", Ph.D. dissertation, the University of Texas at Dallas, May, 
2007. 
Hanson D., Priya S. "An Actuated Skin for Robotic Facial Expressions, NSF 
Phase 1 Final Report", National Science Foundation STTR award, NSF 05-
557,2006-2007. 
Tadesse, Yonas; Priya, Shashank; Stephanou, Harry; Popa, Dan. and Hanson, 
David "Piezoelectric actuation and sensing for Facial Robotics" Journal of 
Ferroelectrics, vol. 345, Issue', pp.13-25,2006 (12 pages). 
Hanson, David; Bergs, Richard; Tadesse, Yonas; White, Victor. Priya, Shashank 
"Enhancement of EAP actuated facial expressions by designed chamber 
geometry in elastomers" Edited by Bar-Cohen, Yoseph, Proceedings of the 
SPIE , vol. 6168, pp. 49-57,2006. 
Hanson D. "Expanding the Design Domain of Humanoid Robots", Proc. ICCS 
CogSci Conference, special session on Android Science, Vancouver, 2006. 
Oh, J.H., Hanson, D., Kim, W.S., Han, Y., Kim, J.Y. and Park, I.W., 2006, 
"Design of android type humanoid robot albert HUBO," in Proc. IEEE/RJS 
IROS Robotics Conference, Beijing, 2006. Int. Conf. on Intel'. Robots and 
Sys., IEEE/RSJ, pp. 14F-1433. 
Hanson D., Bergs R. , Tadesse Y. , White V. , Priya S. "Enhancement of EAP 
Actuated Facial 
Expressions 
by Designed 
Chamber Geometry in 
Elastomers",Proc. SPIE's Electroactive Polymer Actuators and Devices Conf., 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 3 
EFTA01188103
--- PAGE 4 ---
10m Smart Structures and Materials Symposium, San Diego, USA, 2006. 
Hanson D. "Expanding the Aesthetics Possibilities for Humanlike Robots", 
Proc. IEEE Humanoid Robotics Conference, special session on the Uncanny 
Valley; Tskuba, Japan, December 2005. 
Hanson D. "Bioinspired Robotics", chapter 16 in the book Giomimetics, ed. 
Yoseph Bar-Cohen, CRC Press, October 2005. 
Hanson D., Olney A., Prilliman S., Mathews E., Zielke M., Hammons D., 
Fernandez R., Stephanou H., "Upending the Uncanny Valley", Proc. AAAI's 
National Conference, Pittsburgh, 2005. 
Hanson D., White V. "Converging the Capabilities of ElectroActive Polymer 
Artificial Muscles and the Requirements of Rio-inspired Robotics", Proc. 
SPIE's Electroactive Polymer Actuators and Devices Conf., 10TH Smart 
Structures and Materials Symposium, San Diego, USA, 2004. 
Hanson D. "The Neural Basis of the Uncanny Valley", graduate research paper 
for Alice O'Toole in UTD Brain Sciences. Sept, 2003. 
Hanson D., "Chapter 18: Applications for Electrically Actuated Polymer 
Actuators," in Electrically Actuated Polymer Actuators as Artificial Muscles, 
Bar-Cohen Y. (Ed.) SPIE PRESS, Washington, USA, Vol. PM98, 2nd ed. March 
2004. 
Hanson D., Rus D., Canvin S., Scmeirer G., "Applications of Bio-inspired 
Robotics", Ch.10 of Biologically Inspired Intelligent Robots. Bar-Cohen, Y 
and Breazeal, C. (Ed.) SPIE Press, May 2003. 
Hanson, D. "EAP Actuator Design for Biologically-inspired Face-Based 
Communication Robots". Proc. SPIE's Electroactive Polymer Actuators and 
Devices Conf., 9' Smart Structures and Materials Symposium, San Diego, 
USA, 2003. 
Pioggia G., Hanson D., Dinelli S., Di Francesco F., Francesconi R., De Rossi D. 
"The Importance of Nonverbal Expression to the Emergence of Emotive 
Artificial Intelligence Systems", 14695-51], Proc. SPIE's Electroactive 
Polymer Actuators and Devices Conf., 5th Smart Structures and Materials 
Symposium, San Diego, USA, 2003. 
Hanson, D. "Bio-inspired Facial Expression Interface for Emotive Robots", 
Proc. AAAI National Conference in Edmonton, CA, 2002. 
Hanson D. and Pioggia G., "Entertainment Applications for Electrically 
Actuated Polymer Actuators," Ch 18 of Electrically Actuated Polymer 
Actuators as Artificial Muscles SPIE PRESS, Washington, USA, Vol. PM98, 
Ch. 18, 2001. 
Hanson D., Pioggia G., Bar-Cohen Y., De Rossi D., "Androids: Application of 
EAP as Artificial Muscles to Entertainment Industry," Proc. SPIE's 
Electroactive Polymer Actuators and Devices Conf., 7n1 Smart Structures 
and Materials Symposium, Newport Beach, USA, 2001. 
JPL EAPAD newsletter, artificial muscle articles: 2001, fall 2002, 2004, 2006. 
TALKS 
AGI (ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE), OXFORD UNIVERSITY, KEYNOTE LECTURE: "OPEN 
GENIUS MACHINES", 2012. 
THE ATLANTIC MAGAZINE, "BIG SCIENCE SUMMIT", Menlo Park, 2012. 
TEDx TAIPEI, 2012. 
TEDx HONG KONG, 2012. 
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS CHANCELLORS' MEETING, MAY, 2012. 
IIT ROORKEE, COGNIZANCE, MARCH, 2012. 
IIT DELHI, JANUARY 2012. 
U.T. ARLINGTON ENTREPRENEURSHIP SYMPOSIUM, JANUARY 2012. 
H+, HONG KONG, December 5, 2011. 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 4 
EFTA01188104
--- PAGE 5 ---
NORTH TEXAS MENSA, February and November, 201 I . 
UT DALLAS, INTERACTIVE ARTS CLASS, 2011. 
WETA WORKSHOPS, WELLINGTON, NZ, 2011 
UNIVERSITY OF AUCKLAND, NZ, 2011. 
MORGO ENTREPRENEURSHIP WORKSHOP, NZ, 2011. 
LORENTZ CENTER WORKSHOP ON CREATIVITY, MECHANISMS AND METHODS. University Of 
Leiden, 
Netherlands. 
Spoke 
on 
the 
physical 
and 
computational 
mechanisms of creativity. September 2011. 
RADIOLAB, NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO, 2011. 
THNK-THE AMSTERDAM SCHOOL OF CREATIVE LEADERSHIP. As visiting faculty, 
delivered a lecture on integrative creativity in April 2011. 
AMERICAN PHYSICAL SOCIETY (APS), INVITED TALK: "ROBOTICS IN THE WORLD OF 
ENTERTAINMENT", 2011. 
SPEAKER AT IEEE HUMAN ROBOT INTERACTION (HRI), 2011, "EFFECTS ON EXPECTATIONS 
WITH HUMANLIKE ROBOTS", UNVEILING THE NEW ZENO ROBOKIND. 
EASTFIELD COMMUNITY COLLEGE, NATIONAL ROBOTICS WEEK GUEST LECTURER, INVITED 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION (NSF) SPEAKER, MARCH 2011. 
TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY, NATIONAL ROBOTICS WEEK GUEST LECTURER, INVITED NATIONAL 
SCIENCE FOUNDATION (NSF) SPEAKER, MARCH 2011. 
PRAGYANI1 I , CHENNAI INDIA, GUEST LECTURER, FEBRUARY 2011. 
AMERICAN PHYSICAL SOCIETY (APS), INVITED TALK: "ROBOTICS IN THE WORLD OF 
ENTERTAINMENT", 2011. 
BOYS AND GIRLS CLUB, ROBOTICS CLUB "Humanlike Robots". PLANO,Tx, 2011. 
HUMAN ROBOT INTERACTION (HRI), IEEE Workshop on Managing Expectations in 
Human Robot Interactions—Lausanne, Switzerland, 2011. 
ASME SESSION CHAIR, "BIOMIMETIC ROBOTICS", 2011. 
INVITED SPEAKER AT IEEE HUMAN ROBOT INTERACTION (HRI) WORKSHOP, 2010. 
USC FILM SCHOOL, 2010. 
SPEAKER AT LONG BRANCH ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 2010. 
GUEST LECTURER AT THE UNIVERSITY OF PISA, 2009. 
CARRERE ACADEMY OF ART, 2009. 
U. MESSINA MEDICAL SCHOOL WORKSHOP ON ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGIES, 2009. 
CONSUMER ELECTRONICS SHOW (CES), lecture title "Character Robotics", SPECIAL 
SESSION ON ROBOTICS, 2009 
SPEAKER AT IDEALITY, TORONTO CA, 2008. 
SPEAKER FMX 2008, CEBIT, 2008, NEW ZEALAND CONSULATE IN HAMBURG 2008. 
CO-ORGANIZER 
AND SPEAKER AT THE 2003 AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR THE 
ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE (AAAS) ANNUAL MEETING in Denver CO, of a symposium 
entitled "Biologically Inspired Intelligent Robotics". Co-organized with 
Yoseph Bar-Cohen of JPL/CalTech and Cynthia Breazeal of the MIT Al lab. 
EXHIBITOR AND SPEAKER, AAAI NATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, 2005. 
SPEAKER AT SANDIA NATIONAL LABORATORIES, "COGNITIVE SYSTEMS WORKSHOP", Santa Fe 
New Mexico, July 2003. Talk entitled: "Facial Verisimilitude in Robotics as a 
Tool for Understanding Human Social Cognition". 
SPEAKER/INVITED Speaker at the SPIE Smart Materials and Structures Conference, 
Electroactive Polymer Actuators and Devices (EAPAD) Symposium, San 
Diego, CA, March 2001, 2002, 2003, and 2004. 
SPEAKER AT AAAI, IN EDMONTON CANADA "Identity Emulation; integrated aesthetic 
robotics", August 2002. 
PARTICIPANT AND SPEAKER at the International Workshop on Perceptive Social 
Agents and Robots in San Diego, Jan. 9-10, 2003. 
DARPA FACE WORKSHOPS SPEAKER AND CONSULTANT, 2005-2007. 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 5 
EFTA01188105
--- PAGE 6 ---
GUEST LECTURES AT UNIVERSITIES: MIT, KAIST, UCSD, Rhode Island School of 
Design (RISD), Carnegie Mellon, BROWN, Dartmouth, Sung Kyun Kwan 
University, the University of Messina Medical School, the University of Pisa, 
University of Memphis IIT, the University of Canterbury, the Art Center 
College of Design in Pasadena, USC film school, USC ICT, Accademia 
Carrara, Richland College, the Palermo Academy of Fine Arts, U. Penn, 
Drexel, and the University of Washington HitLab. 
Invited Talks at Google, EyeBeam, Telecom Tech, Dallas Public Schools, WIRED 
Nextfest, Society for Medical Innovation and Technology (SMIT), various 
elementary schools, middle schools and high schools, DARPA working 
sessions, and others. 
SHOWS 
"BINA 48" AND "THE ANDROID PORTRAIT OF PHILIP K DICK", AGI, OXFORD, 2012. 
"NEW DIEGO SAN", @ UCSD. Built as a Renaissance-style figurative work in the 
media of robotics, this robotic baby boy was built with funding from the 
National Science Foundation, and serves cognitive robotics and human-
robot interaction research. 2012. 
"THE ANDROID PORTRAIT OF PHILIP K DICK", ROUNDUP FOR AUTISM, DALLAS AUTISM 
TREATMENT CENTER, 2012. 
"HANSON ROBOKIND ROBOTS", NATIONAL SCIENCE TEACHERS ASSOCIATION, NSTA 
CONFERENCES ON SCIENCE EDUCATION. NSTA NATIONAL CONFERENCE, INDIANAPOLIS, 
IN, 2012. 
"ROBOKIND ROBOTS ALICE AND ZENO", TECHSUCCESS, 2012. 
ART FUTURA: TECNOPOLIS. "GHOST MACHINES", Intelligent robotics, mixed media. 
Buenos Aires, August, 2011. 
MUSEUM OF SCIENCE AND INDUSTRY, "ZENO MACHINE", CHICAGO, 201 I. 
SINGULARITY SUMMIT, "ZENO MACHINE", a conversational portrait of Zeno of Elea, 
September 2010. 
"BINA MACHINA, ROBOTIC PORTRAIT OF BINA ROTH8LATT", Terasem Movement 
Ashram, Bristol VT, 2010. Reviewed on the front page of the NY Times, 
2010 
ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS IN CARRARA, MIA ALICE ROBOTIC SCULPTURE, May 2009. 
TAIPEI MUSEUM OF MODERN ART, "FUTURE FACE", 2009. 
THE ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS IN PALERMO, SICILY, MIA-ALICE, June 2009. 
TED, "Computational Compassion" talk & display of robotic sculptures, 2009. 
"SOULS AND MACHINES" SHOW at the Reina Sofia museum in Madrid, "JULIO THE 
UNCANNY" collaboration with David Byrne, 2008. 
"ART FUTURA", ZENO ROBOT, in Barcelona, summer 2008. 
"FAST FORWARD", Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, 2008-2009. 
TOKYO MODERN, "FUTURE FACE", 2007. 
"FRANKIE", in the EXPLORATORIUM SCIENCE MUSEUM, 2007. 
VIT1tA DESIGN MUSEUM, "Future Face" Show, 2006. 
"LIL PUNCTUM" in the "SECOND SKIN" SHOW, representing the Cooper Hewitt Design 
Museum in Essen Germany, summer 2006. 
COOPER HEWITT SMITHSONIAN DESIGN TRIENNIAL, 2006-2008. 
"ALBERT HU8O" at the APEC summit in Busan Korea, NOVEMBER 2005. Also 
showed at the winter Olympics, in Turin Italy, February 2006, at Nextfest 
2006 and 2007, and in Dubai in 2008. 
EYEBEAM, NY NY, speaker and panelist, on robotic sculptures, Nov. 2005. 
"PHILIP K DICK ANDROID PORTRAIT, WITH VALIS ROOM", in UnReal show at the 
University of Texas, Dallas, September-November 2005. Reviewed in the 
NY Times, Washington Post, Chicago Sun, and WIRED. 
OGDEN MUSEUM, NEW ORLEANS, "PHILIP K DICK ANDROID" AUGUST 2005. 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 6 
EFTA01188106
--- PAGE 7 ---
WIRED MAGAZINE NEXTFEST, 2005, A WORLD TECHNOLOGY-FESTIVAL, CHICAGO, JUNE 05. 
"PKD-A, an Android Portrait of Philip K Dick". 
TED, robotic art display: Kbot and Stinky Dick the Pirate, 2004. 
EXHIBITOR AND SPEAKER, 2005 AAAI NATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. 
"MCANIMOUSN GROUP SHOW AT MARKET GALLERY, LOS ANGELES 2004. 
RISD ALUMNI SHOW, "DOG AUTOMATA ON FISHING POLE, DANCING THE STRANGE 
ATTRACTOR IN FAUX EFFORT TO ESCAPE". Los Angeles 2003. 
"GYMNOSOPHORE", SCULPTURE SHOW AND INSTALLATION, 2001; SIDE STREET GALLERY, 
L.A. A two-man show with David Deaney, Gymnosophore offered 
functioning, sculpted hot-tubs for the use of visitors. Reviewed favorably 
in the Los Angeles Times art reviews by lead critic Christopher Knight. 
TOKYO DISNEYLAND THEMEPARK, Sculpted numerous features in Pooh's Hunny 
Hunt, serving as lead sculptor on the character trees and Heffalump 
balloons. 1999. 
TOKYO DISNEYSEA THEME PARK, Sculpted numerous props and characters, 
including parts of Mermaid Lagoon, Arial's Grotto, 20,000 Leagues Under 
the Sea and others.1999. 
UNIVERSAL STUDIOS ISLANDS OF ADVENTURE, ORLANDO, FL, Sculpted several mythical 
creatures for the Atlantis Island.1998. 
ATLANTIS CASINO RESORT, PARADISE ISLAND, BAHAMAS; Designed and sculpted 
numerous figurative works, including signature marlins (23' tall), 
seahorses (14' tall), nautili (14' long), seashells (up to 18' tall), and light 
fixtures.1998. 
UNIVERSAL STUDIOS THEMEPARK, ORLANDO, FL, Sculpted several parade floats, 
including signature dragons.1997. 
WALT DISNEY WORLD, WORLD OF DISNEY THEMESTORE, Co-sculpted and co-painted 
the Peter Pan Crocodiles and the Alice in Wonderland, winning a TEA best 
display of the year award.] 996 
"BLISSKRIEG—ENTER THE GYMNASIUM". An immersive, performance environment, 
Bliss-Krieg inspired participation, disorientation, creative scheming, and 
unsettling transformation. Modeled after a themepark, this "Gymnasium" 
had custom, surreal architecture including waterslides, running river, and 
cabala labyrinth, with nodes of sensual delight. The evening was run like 
an opera, with a climax of the dam opening to release a flood of 40,000 
gallons of water to wash over the entire space. This work represented the 
culmination of the "gymnasium" series (1991-1995). Built with support 
from several DFW-area arts groups: the D-crats, Good-Bad, Hazy 
Daze,and others. 1995. 
"GYMNASIUM", RISD PROMENADE AND AUDITORIUM. Hot-tub performance event, with 
behavior imperatives involving sit-cam improvisation via RPA rules, with 
participation by Seth MacFarlin creator of Family Guy, 1995. 
"PRIMORDIAL OOZE BATH," SCULPTURE INSTALLATION ON THE RISD GREEN, 1995. 
feet wide and 40 feet long, this yoni-lingual swimming-hole sprayed 
1200 gallons of seaweed goo (carageenan) over hundreds of playful 
students, philosophically investigating the physics of creativity, garnering 
favorable reviews from CNN's Headline News, the front page of Providence 
Journal Bulletin, the L.A.Times, and the Chicago Tribune. This work was 
third in the Gymnasium series of performance-architectures. 
"RPA—ROBOTIC PARTY ARCHITECTURE". Automated psychoactive architecture, 
designed to unlock wonder, creativity, and participation in the audience. 
This concept was designed for a Brown CS course, under the advice of Tom 
Dean, culminating in a term paper by the same name—RPA. Principles from 
RPA were used in numerous subsequent events including the Primordial 
Ooze Bath, Gymnasium, Disturbathon, and the robotic personalities of my 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
IL 7 
EFTA01188107
--- PAGE 8 ---
androids. 1994-1995. 
"PROTOGYMNASIUM"—A "BEHAVIOR IMPERATIVE HAPPENING". A performance-event 
with performance edicts given weeks in advance to invitees, the 
protogymnasia 
engendered 
structured 
participatory 
improvisation, 
resulting in surprising, emergent imagery and experiences. 1994. 
"SAUSAGEMAN", A PUBLIC PERFORMANCE AT 2 COLLEGE STREET. This McCarthy-esque 
performance involved myself in tighty-wighty BVDs, a 40-foot sausage 
suspended on small towers, which then disintegrated into pieces of 
dissolving "manhood"—the plight of the aging male ego. 
"SCUFFLING HEAD," My first humanoid Robot, built for a RISD independent study 
with prof. Gary Metz, and displayed at Brown/RISD festival of Art and 
Technology Festival called "PONG", 1995. This robotic self portrait of David 
Hanson, functioned as a human-relations telepresence robot. My sculpted 
robotic likeness rode atop a retractable 5' stalk emerging from an agile 
robotic rover, receiving control signals from a distant user for robotic head 
gestures, while transmitting video and 2-way audio to facilitate distant 
conversation. 1995. 
"Disturbathon", Dallas TX. Founded by Hanson, this immersive, primal art 
environment inspires performative participation from the audience, as it 
challenges the artifice of many taboos and playfully assays the complex 
boundaries of social morality; annually from 1989 to the present. 
HONORS 
ALUMNI OF THE YEAR, UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT DALLAS, 2012. 
CHAIR, COGNITIVE ROBOTICS SESSION, AGI, 2013. 
KEYNOTE SPEAKER, OXFORD UNIVERSITY, ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE (AGI), 2012. 
WINNER, HONG KONG CITY ITF GRANT (CORECIPIENT W. BEN GOERTZEL & GINO Yu), 2012. 
INVITED SPEAKER, TEDx TAIPEI AND TEDx HONG KONG, 2012. 
WINNER, NSF SBIR GRANT (Co-PI WITH KINO COURSEY), 2012. 
DARPA ROBOTICS CHALLENGE GRANT UNDER PI DAN POPA, UTA's RESEARCH INSTMITE 
(UTARI), 2012. 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION, ROBOTICS INITIATIVE GRANT, UNDER PI DAN POPA OF 
UTA's RESEARCH INSTITUTE (UTARI), developing sensitive, lifelike prosthetics 
using Frubber, in collaboration with Advanced Arm Dynamics and Hanson 
Robotics, 2012. 
WINNER OF TEXAS MEDICAL RESEARCH COLLABORATIVE (TxMRC) GRANT (WITH 
CORECIPIENTS DAN POPA AND NICOLIERI BAGNARU, UTA), 2012. 
SENIOR RESEARCH FELLOW, NANYANG TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY (NTU), 2012-2013. 
P.I., AIR FORCE RESEARCH LABS (AFRL) RESEARCH AWARD: "Improving Respirator 
Testing with Hanson Robotics' Technologies", using Hanson robotic faces to 
test respirators' protection against pathogenic nano-particulates such as 
HI N1, anthrax and radioactive materials; awarded April 2011, ongoing as 
of January 2013. 
ART FUTURA, INVITED ARTIST AND SPEAKER: TECHNOPOLIS, BUENOS AIRIES. 201 I. 
CHAIR OF ASME BIOMIMETIC ROBOTICS WORSHOP, 2011 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION PANELIST, 2009-2011. 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION, PIRE AWARD COMMITTEE MEMBER, 2010. 
ASSOCIATE EDITOR, IEEE HUMANOIDS, 2010. 
SPEAKER AND EXHIBITOR, TED 2009. 
WINNER OF 2009 ITALIAN CENTRO NATIONALE RISERCHE (CNR) SCHOLARSHIP-6 MONTHS 
COLLABORATING ON ROBOTS IN AUTISM RESEARCH WITH THE UNIVERSITY OF PISA, STELLA 
MARIS NEUROLOGICAL HOSPITAL AND THE UNIVERSITY OF MESSINA, 2008-2009. 
WINNER OF TECHTITANIS "INNOVATOR OF THE YEAR" AWARD, 2007. 
WINNER OF EMERGING TECHNOLOGY AWARD, 2007. 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 8 
EFTA01188108
--- PAGE 9 ---
COOPER HEWITT SMITHSONIAN DESIGN TRIENNIAL, 2006. Exhibitor, panelist, speaker. 
INCLUDED IN NUMEROUS "TOP 10 COOLEST ROBOTS" LISTS, INCLUDING: TECHEBLOG, 
wWw.ODDEE.COM 
AND 
HTTP:/ /MYAMAZINGFACT.BLOGSPOT.COM/ 2008 / 09 / 10-
COOLEST-ROBOTS.HTML. 
CO-RECIPIENT OF 1ST PLACE AWARD FOR OUTSTANDING CLINICAL POSTER PRESENTATION AT 
THE 1 2TH BIENNIAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON RECONSTRUCTIVE PREPROSTHETIC 
SURGERY, WITH DR. KENNETH KENT, "ROBOTIC ANIMATION OF FACIAL PROSTHESES". 
Presentated by Dr. Kent, 2006. 
COVER WIRED MAGAZINE, JANUARY 2006. Albert Hubo robot ranked the #17 
greatest robot of all history, with KAIST Hubo Group, using our Einstein 
portrait atop the KAIST walking Hubo robot. 
KAIST "ALBERT HOBO" greeted world leaders at the APEC summit in Busan Korea, 
NOVEMBER 2005; Also at the Winter Olympics in Turin Italy, February 2006. 
PATENT AWARDED: "A Human Emulation Robot System", issued September 2006, 
(priority dated to June 2002). Two more patents pending. 
UTA ARRI INNOVATION AWARD, FEBRUARY 2006. 
AAAI AWARD, FIRST PLACE FOR OPEN INTERACTION, for the PKD Android, 2005 
NSF STIR AWARD, to investigate piezo-actuated facial expressions with 
Shashank Priya of ARRI. 
WIRED MAGAZINE NEXTFEST, 2005, CHICAGO, JUNE 05. "PKD-A, Philip K Dick 
android". Also featured exhibitor at Nexfest '04, '06, '07 and '08. 
WIRED NEXTFEST, 2006. Exhibitor and panelist, showing Jules the Androgynoid 
(with UWE), and also with the KAIST Alex Hubo. 
FEATURED IN WIRED MAGAZINE, JULY 2004, JUNE '05, JANUARY '06, MARCH '06, AND 
ONLINE SEPTEMBER '08. 
WIRED MAGAZINE, PC MAGAZINE AND POPULAR SCIENCE described Hanson and his 
work as "genius" in various articles. 
WORLD TECHNOLOGY AWARD 2004, NOMINEE & SEMIFINALIST: BEST IT HARDWARE. 
NIST ATP AWARD, 2004, my team and I won a "highly meritorious" designation, 
with funding pending the 2005 congressional spending bill. 
CO-CHAIR OF EAP APPLICATIONS SESSION at the SPIE International Smart Materials 
Conference, in San Diego, March 15-19, 2004. 
EXHIBITOR NEXTFEST, WIRED magazine's technology festival, SF, CA, May, 2004. 
EXHIBITED AT TED, "TECHNOLOGY ENTERTAINMENT DESIGN", Monterey CA, Feb, 2004. 
JPL OPEN HOUSE, 2002, 2003, AND 2005. Presenting my robots with the JPL 
Advanced Actuators Lab. 
CO-ORGANIZER 
AND SPEAKER AT THE 2003 AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR THE 
ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE (AAAS) ANNUAL MEETING in Denver CO, of a symposium 
entitled "Biologically Inspired Intelligent Robotics". Co-organized with 
Yoseph Bar-Cohen of JPL/CalTech and Cynthia Breazeal of the MIT Al lab. 
SCIENCE MAGAZINE PROFILE, March 28, 2003, described Hanson as "Head of his 
Class" in sociable robotics. 
THEMED ENTERTAINMENT ASSOCIATION, BEST THEMED DISPLAY AWARD 1 996, TEAM-
SHARED Is' PLACE for the "World of Disney Themed store", at Walt Disney 
World, Orlando. 
NASA INVENTIONS AND CONTRIBUTIONS SPACE ACT MONETARY AWARD, 1994: TEAM-
SHARED 2,0 PLACE. NASA prize for best invention of the year, awarded to Dr. 
Heinrich Gerritsen, Mary Lou Jepson and myself for a novel space shuttle 
lighting system. Using a custom Fourier transform light-filter, this device 
output a nearly perfect diffusion of light, useful for science experiments 
and reducing astronaut eye-fatigue. 
CO-INITIATED THE UTD COMPUTER GAMING COMPETITION, organized $25k USD 
funding from Hughes Ventures, 2006 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 9 
EFTA01188109
--- PAGE 10 ---
ORGANIZER AND CHAIR, "MIRACLES AND MONSTROSITIES" 1993 symposium on 
genetically engineered art, at RISD-Brown art+tech festival PONG. 
ODYSSEY OF THE MIND, EDUCATIONAL COMPETITION, 1992: FIRST PLACE WORLD. Co-built 
a robotic vehicle to navigate an obstacle course, automatically dock to a 
trailer, gather objects, and deliver them to a designated area. 
RHODE ISLAND SCHOOL OF DESIGN (RISD) MERIT AWARD, 1992-1996. 
VICE PRESIDENT, RISD STUDENT GOVERNMENT, 1995-1996. Co-managed a budget 
of 5365,000; organized functions, lectures, and various student-driven 
initiatives (such as INTER ALIA, the Student Art-Science Initiative). Co-
organized RISD-Brown art+tech fest PONG. 
OUTREACH 
PRESS MENTION 
RESEARCH AND SERVICE AT THE DALLAS AUTISM TREATMENT CENTER, 2012, AND 2010-
PRESENT. Co-developing autism treatment curriculum, in collaboration with 
Clinical Director Dr. Carolyn Garver and UTD/Callier Center researcher Dr. 
Pamela Rollins, Boston researcher Dr. Kathy Quill, and ATC clinician Kellie 
Reynolds. 
O.T.O. ACTIVE 2010 TO PRESENT. 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE, N.TX FIRST ROBOTICS, 2008-2011. 
Boys AND GIRLS CLUB, ROBOTICS CLUB "Humanlike Robots". PLANO,TX, 2011. 
ADVISOR FOR STUDENTS AT UTD AND UTA, 2004-2011. 
ADVISOR FOR SLOAN AWARD WINNING FILM PROJECT, W/ANYA MEKSYN, 2008-2011. 
STEERING COMMITTEE FOR TEDx SMU, 2009. 
SPEAKER AT LONG BRANCH ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 2009. 
CO-FOUNDER OF UTD BUSINESS PLAN COMPETITION, WITH KINGDON HUGHES, 2006. 
MEMBER American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) since 
2000. 
MEMBER American Association for Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), since 2001. 
MEMBER SPIE, since 2001. 
Hanson has been featured in numerous popular media outlets including NY 
Times, Scientific American, The Figaro, The New Yorker, Smithsonian 
Magazine, Science Magazine, Popular Science, Good Morning America, the 
BBC, CNN, and an August 2011 feature in National Geographic. Here are a 
few select articles: 
http://spectrum.ieee.org /automaton / robotics / humanoids /whv-we -should-
build-humanlike-robots 
http: //www.pbs.org/wgbh /nova/tech /social-robots.html 
http:/ /www.ga.com/news-politics/big-issues/201103 /robots-say-the-
damnedest-things 
http://spectrum.ieee.org /automaton /robotics/ humanoids /david-hanson-
robot-heads 
http://discovermaciazine.com/photos /body-shop-where-life-like-androids-
born 
http://www.ted.com/talks/david hanson robots that relate to you.html 
hair/ /disrovermaga7inP.rom /photos/ body-shoo-where-life-like-androids-
born 
http://www.acm.org /ubiquity/ interviews /v7i18 hanson.htm l 
http:/ /www.absolutearts.com /artsnews/2001 /04/02/28321.html 
http:/ /news.cnet.com/8301-17938_ 105-10391357-1.html 
http: / /www.newyorker.com /reporting /2009/11/02 /091102fa fact groopma 
n?currentPage =all 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 10 
EFTA01188110
--- PAGE 11 ---
http: / /www. s mithsonian macbcom / science-nature/ Bi rth-of-a-Robot. htm I 
http:/ /ndeaajptnasa.govinasa-nde/nde-aa-l/clipping /Popular-Science-
Sept-2003.pdf 
http: / /www. u snews.com / money/ business-economy/ small-
business/articles/2008/01/14/rise-of-the-robots.html 
http: //www.pcmag.com /article2 / 0.2817.2036407.00.asp 
http://www.sciencemaq.orq/content/vol299/issue5611 /r-samples.shtml 
http://iiae.utdallas.edu/news/poo science.html 
EDUCATION 
SKILLS 
THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS, DALLAS, Ph.D. in Interactive Arts & Engineering/Aesthetic-
Studies 4.0 GPA cumulative, May 2007. 
UCSD (visiting studeni) 
Cognitive Science, w/ Jochen Triesch, 4.0 GPA, 2003. 
UCLA (visaing student) 
Graduate Art, studied w/Paul McCarthy, 4.0 GPA, 2003. 
RHODE ISLAND SCHOOL OF DESIGN 
BFA Film-Video, 1996; Honor Student. 
BROWN UNIVERSITY (special student via RISC') courses in Holography, Advanced Holography, 
1993-94; Computer Science, 1995-96. 
HIGHLAND PARK HIGH SCHOOL, 1988. ARTS MAGNET HIGH SCHOOL, DALLAS;1 986-1 987. 
SCULPTURE 
Figurative sculpted characters up to thirty feet in height 
and as small as 4"; skilled in clay, foam, supersculpie, 
fiberglass, concrete, silicone, urethane, moldmaking and 
casting. 
ROBOTICS/ANIMATRONICS 
I develop complete humanlike robots, including faces and 
walking robot bodies, transitioning this research into 
mass-produced product in the Jetta factory environment in 
China and Texas. For my humanoid robots, I co-designed 
numerous animation control systems, with saccade and 
other motion control architectures, integrated with custom 
narrative dialogue systems designs, and co-developed 
natural language reasoning and statistical narrative 
assembly using LSI, semantic vectors and other techniques; 
in collaboration with Dr.s Kino Coursey, Doug Miles, 
Andrew Olney, Javier Movellan, Stu Baurmann and others. 
To improve expressivity and applicability of humanlike 
robots, I invented the patented nanotech of "structured 
porosity elastomer manufacturing" (SPEM) silicone skin that 
requires less than 1/20th the force of materials used in 
animatronics. As an undergrad, I programmed robots in 
the Foxboro Al lab at Brown, and developed the "scuttling 
head" 
telerobot 
at 
RISD. 
1999-2001, 
in 
Disney 
Imagineering's 
MAPO 
Animatronics 
shop 
Technical 
Development, I designed electronics and mechanical 
systems, machined robot parts, coded C, C++, and 
assembly for microcontrollers. For my PhD research 
U.T.Dallas, I developed a social robots as engineering, 
figurative sculpture, and cognitive science research, 
successfully transitioning this work into product through 
entrepreneurship. 
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP 
I founded and managed two noted startups—Hanson 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 11 
EFTA01188111
--- PAGE 12 ---
Robotics Incorporated (founded 
2003) and 
Hanson 
RoboKind LLC (founded 2011), raising over S6M in 
investment, 41.5M in grant money, and S3M in preliminary 
sales. These companies are now completing their first 
mass-product releases, and project significant revenues. 
I served as CEO, manager, CTO, and negotiated numerous 
contracts, recruited talent, and navigated the complex 
legal landscape of investments, technology transfer, 
patents, 
partnerships, 
and 
cooperative 
research 
agreements. 
In the process, I have been mentored by renowned 
business 
leaders, including Lou 
Schwartz (formerly 
President of Toybiz/Marvel), 
MATH/SCIENCE/TECH 
I did graduate coursework in cognitive science from UTD 
and UCSD, building upon my undergrad courses in math 
(calculus, linear algebra, etc), comp. science, holography, 
and other courses, and using my extracurricular studies in 
basic electronics and material science. I also learned much 
in practice while building engineering projects, several of 
which won national and international awards. I merge 
numerous STEM disciplines within my robotics projects, 
and often collaborate with scientists around the world, 
resulting in publications in Science, IEEE Spectrum, SPIE, 
AAAI, and Cognitive Science, in the areas of materials 
science, nanotech, cognitive science, robotics, mechanical 
engineering, and intelligent software systems. 
COMPUTER Programming: C++, XML, Assembly (with PIC microcontrollers), 
html, A.I. algorithms and interaction designs. 
COMPUTER Applications: Proficient in a wide array of applications, including 
Maya, PhotoShop, Director, Illustrator, Avid, Matlab, Excel. 
FILM/ VIDEO 
BFA in film/video/animation from RISD; wrote, produced, 
directed, shot, edited works up to 13 minutes in length. 
Freelance video work done for CNN and MTV. Designed 
and co-built my own 3D video camera and shot 3D video. 
OTHER ARTS 
Illustration, 
painting, 
figure 
drawing, 
conceptual 
art, 
performance art, science fiction writing, screenwriting, poetry, 
jazz guitar, punk rock and experimental music composition. 
WRITING 
Published short story author, science writer, & poet, taking 
a Texas State Poetry award. 
EMPLOYMENT 
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT ARLINGTON 
2011- Present. 
Adjunct Professor of Computer Science and Engineering. Teaching 
Robotics and advising graduate students. Focus: human-
robot interface and A.I. design. 
HANSON ROBOKIND LLC 
February 2011- Present 
Founder, CTO, Manager, This subsidiary of Hanson Robotics is 
dedicated to releasing small androids (67cm and smaller) 
called RoboKind, as consumer product, educational 
platforms and autism treatment. 
transitioned from 
prototype to product, achieving self-sustaining status 
(surviving on revenue since October 2008), and building a 
reputation for the most lifelike robots in the world. 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 12 
EFTA01188112
--- PAGE 13 ---
HANSON ROBOTICS INC 
March 2003- Present 
Founder, CEO, Chief Scientist, researching and manufacturing human-
like robots and constituent technologies. Successfully 
raised 52,150,000 in investment and research grants, 
going from prototype to product, surviving on revenue 
since October 2008, and renowned for the world's most 
lifelike robots. 
UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS, 2010. 
Adjunct Professor in Fine Arts. New Media:Kinetic/Interactive 
Sculpture. 
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT DALLAS, 201 0 
Instructor of Independent Studies in Interactive Sculpture. 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION, PIRE AWARD COMMITTEE MEMBER, 2010. 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION, 2009. MARCH AND NOVEMBER 
Panelist. Reviewing scientific research proposals. 
PAUL MCCARTHY, MCCARTHY STUDIOS 
June 2002- June 2003 
Sculptor, Artist's Assistant, Robotics Designer 
ART CENTER COLLEGE OF DESIGN IN PASADENA 
September- 
December 
2002 
Studio Instructor, robotics, electronics, Graduate Industrial Design. 
JET PROPULSION LABORATORY 
Spring 2002 
Robotics Development Contract 
Building a robot face as test platform for 
ElectroActive 
Polymer 
Actuators.http://ndeaaianasa.00v/nasa-
nde/lommas/eap/E4P-web.htm 
ERIC SWENSON 
August 2001- February 2002 Artist's Assistant 
WALT DISNEY IMAGINEERING (contracting through TAC) 1998 - 2001 
Sculptor, 1996 (through Kern) and 1998-2000 (through TAC) 
Sculpting dozens of characters and props for parks incl. 
Tokyo Disney Sea, Disney's California Adventure, Tokyo 
DisneyLand and Walt Disney World. 
Robotics and Animatronics Developer, Technical Development 1999-
2001 
I led the design and construction of an autonomous, 
walking robotic character, which would track humans and 
give chase. My duties included lead mechanical and 
electronics design, Al programming in C, machining, and 
visual design. 
I also headed an investigation into Electro-Active Polymer 
(EAP) actuators (artificial muscles), building functioning 
prototypes and writing a paper/book chapter published by 
SPIE. 
UNIVERSAL STUDIOS, VIA ADIRONDACK SCENIC INC May - September, 1998 
Sculptor 
Producing large mythical creatures for Universal Studios' 
"Islands of Adventure" theme park. 
DAVID HANSON, LLC 
1993 - 1998 
Freelance Artist and Designer, contracting for numerous clients 
including Atlantis Casino and Stromberg Architectural 
Activities included project ideation and design mock-up, 
communication and negotiation with clients, maintenance 
of a workshop and office with full-time employees, 
maquette sculpting, and full-scale sculpture production. 
My sculptures included 26' tall marlins, seahorses, sea 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 13 
EFTA01188113
--- PAGE 14 ---
turtles, nautiluses, numerous mythical creatures, etc. 
KERN SCULPTURE COMPANY 
1996 - 1998 
Lead Sculptor, Asst Project Manager, Interim Head of Sculpture Dept. 
As a sculptor, I produced over 100 large works for clients 
including Disney, Universal Studios, Mardi Gras, and many 
casinos and resorts. As Department Head, I managed a 
crew of four, maintained the shop, dealt with clients and 
managed projects. 
BROWN UNIVERSITY, 1995 
Optical engineering technical assistant 
With Dr. Heinrich Gerritsen and Mary Lou Jepson, helped 
develop a novel space shuttle lighting system, which won 
the NASA Space Act Monetary Award for 1996. 
CNN, 1993 and Miv, 1995 
Freelance Videographer, Electronic News Gathering (ENG). 
HOBBIES 
FIGURE DRAWING, PERFORMANCE ART, POETRY, WRITING FICTION, SCULPTING 
MUSIC COMPOSITION, ESPECIALLY JAZZ GUITAR AND PROG.ROCK 
YOGA, HIKING, BOXING, JIU JITSU, SWIMMING, EXPLORING NATURE 
"ARMCHAIR" COSMOLOGY, PHYSICS, AND PHILOSOPHY 
CASUALLY STUDYING POP CULTURE (N SHOWS, ANIME, COMICS, MOVIES, MUSIC) 
PLAYING WITH MY SON AND WIFE (SWIMMING, DISNEYPARKS, VIDEOGAMES, LEGOS) 
David Hanson, Ph.D. 
Curriculum Vitae 01-01-2013 
p. 14 
EFTA01188114

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188115.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kaiyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 14:49:17 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2).jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg; photo(6).jpg; 
photo(7).jpg; photo(8).jpg 
EFTA01188115

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188116.pdf
----------------------------------------
ici1F 
EFTA01188116

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188117.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188117

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188118.pdf
----------------------------------------
• ;--I-A•0‘ 
rpreklity
s k:Fe ";q..tft.
'
-^"." 
P
."7.1.a. a.t .P...„ • -• 
• 
Sgr ti to 
A „Astir. 
- 
• 
r•-• Nis; •*" 
r 
-,••, ,,A* 
Def 
•-' 
•re,ste‘tteic /Lir  
.• 
-P. 
*, 
" 
.7" 
- 
• . 
PP:" 
eib  
"a 
?"1 
• 
144106  
' taw- 
,34 % - 
At
a 's V t1 44.4.
13,.‘1.1. Ott 
'we 
.444 
• .4,-- *"....*
1/4-,,
I 
• 
'Pr • 
...rt.. 
„ es •
•
P . • ;aid. • *Oft iitegairis 
441,
• 
• 
P" 
Y4Tb 
?et-, •• 7_ PP. 
. 
%at; ( 
Ain 4-*,
-• 
Ar 
00".WC 41.
% • 
' 
Allalikp 
•••• .-4`Irr 
" r1e 
P"Itlf" 
• 
•*--1 -fr ' X 
• 
014
14.-47,;
d .t
.,-I 
4.17 : 
.4 la* 
-/ !1*. •• .4r
r 
Pr
f .  :7 
efi 
...jail:121,4r *so
•••:'• 
• 
"PC le 
P7 
" • • 
, 
- 
1,-i•-t ' tiWCIak:ASeei s-strar' 
rit 
*1 or; 
;4—.0
• 
•-• 
.0 
• 
' 
` 
r, 
; • ts- 
• 
srac tl ie tt 
tc , 
*At e.se 
Got 
• 
i Cs
.. 
, . 
.11:4.."
. 
a
r
. : 
e;  • 1r;
.41
11i
t
tiff
b
r
.  it,
 it
 wti,st
 to
• 
4 
i.
 I *, 
'7 
'Ire'irtair
N), ' ,
..,... IS • "A c - -' 
s' 
. 4wp. .. 
41,  ,...
... 
' .7444.8,:vic
tAt
ig
At
i:C3 1-47,.$,;:
d .. 4  A 
ty
t
"72;..1 
...c
arm; „....400.,e....„.„, „. ,r- - ..„.~.tit r-v - 
.- -e..-. tsrii.: .:yo z
• 41.‘ ..' -1' 
q 
. • t  , r : 
1.
_I-...' s ' 
s  -"i•:;444.+.-4;:,td-4- 3.1•:,47,we' itlf-,"40/-t,', )”, -.":k..".-'' t" -1". -
-
EFTA01188118

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188119.pdf
----------------------------------------
Al I VIII 
ili hill 
EFTA01188119

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188120.pdf
----------------------------------------
41$ • ' " 
t it 
Is,' 
.t.4 
EFTA01188120

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188121.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188121

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188122.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188122

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188123.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188123

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188124.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188124

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188125.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Erika Kellerhals 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 15:00:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: 7B8B96A5-A17A-4855-9256-43BDEEA09109[507].png 
Look to underlying assets I believe — us source. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Partner 
Kellerhals Ferguson Fletcher Kroblin LLP 
9100 Port of Sale Mall 
Suite 15 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Office: 
Fax: 
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient or believe that you have received this 
communication in error. please do not print copy, re-transmit, disseminate, or otherwise use this information. Also. please indicate to the sender that you have 
received this e-mail in error. and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS. we inform you that any tax advice contained in our communication (including any 
attachments) was not intended or written to be used. and cannot be used. for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sunday, February 17, 2013 1:29 PM 
To: Erika Kellerhals 
Subject: <no subject> 
a crt formed in the V.I. ? income from the nimcrut or crt 
u.s. source,? even if the corpus of the trust is us dividends? 
***** ****************** 
****************** 
****************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA01188125
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188126

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188127.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Erika Kellerhals
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 15:40:07 +0000 
Inline-Images: 7B8B96A5-A17A-4855-9256-43BDEEA09109[507].png 
not sure if the trust is a v.i. trust 
On Tue, Feb 19, 2013 at 10:00 AM, Erika Kellerhals 
wrote: 
Look to underlying assets I believe — us source. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Partner 
Kellerhals Ferguson Fletcher Kroblin LLP 
9100 Port of Sale Mall 
Suite 15 
St. Thomas. U.S. Virgin Islands 0O802 
ali
FC :
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient, or believe that you have received this 
communication in error, please do not print, copy, re-transmit, disseminate, or otherwise use this information. Also, please indicate to the sender that you have 
received this e-mail in error, and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in our communication (including any 
attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sunday, February 17, 2013 1:29 PM 
To: Erika Kellerhals 
Subject: <no subject> 
a crt formed in the V.I. ? income from the nimcrut or crt 
u.s. source,? even if the corpus of the trust is us dividends? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA01188127
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
****************************************** 
***************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188128

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188129.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO czi 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: Eye on the Market: Fifty Trades of Grey 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 16:10:22 +0000 
Attachments: 02-19-2013_-_EOTM_-_Fifty_Trades_of Grey.pdf 
Inline-Images: image002.png; image003.jpg; image005.png; image007.png; image019.png; image021.png; 
image022.jpg; image023.jpg 
Eye on the Market, February 19, 2013 (the attached PDF has better illustrations and is easy 
to read) 
Fifty Trades of Grey: a story of investment, temptation, addiction and the cost of money 
Q1 US retail sales were better than expected in January, despite higher tax rates, as the US consumer is still more active than 
European counterparts (1st chart). It's too soon to see the full impact of higher US income and payroll tax rates, but a Q4 
jump in real wages, improved household balance sheets and a turnaround in housing may offset part of the headwind. We'll 
see in a couple of quarters. Meanwhile, in the SOTU address, the President talked about raising revenues. It will be 
interesting to see where they come from: after the recent tax act, top quintile tax rates are now 5 times higher than the 
second quintile, up from 2x in 1979 as progressivity increases further (2nd chart). Everywhere I go, however, there's a 
different topic on everyone's minds: what will happen when the Federal Reserve stops purchasing tens of billions in 
Treasury and Agency debt every month? It's possible that with a sufficiently dovish Chairperson replacing Bemanke in 
2014 that they will never end, and that the US will end up like Ireland, with its Treasury perpetually beholden to its Central 
Bank; but I don't think so. The autobiographical story below is my view on Fed purchases and their impact on the world of 
investing. 
Auto 
Percentof 
6.5% 
sales: U-turns and Down-turns 
total population.3 month moving average 
Average 
(FICA) 
federal individual income and 
tax rate by income group, Percent 
social insurance 
2013E 
US 
6.0% 
Top 1% 
5.5% 
5.0% 
Top Quintile 
4.5% 
Middle Quintile 
4.0% 
3.5% 
3.0% 
Europe 
Second Quintile 
2.5% 
Lowest Quintile 
.5 
2.0%  
1998 
2002 
2006 
2010 
1979 1982 1985 1988 1991 1994 1997 2000 2003 2006 2009 2012 
Source: BEA, Census Bureau. ECB. EuroSlat. 
Source: CBO. TFC. JFMAIN. Lowest gu intile negative due to creditsitiansfers. 
My Trades of 
y. 
"I was always the cautious type. I would wait until other people jumped into a lake to make sure it was deep enough. I have 
never been on a motorcycle, and have never held or fired a weapon. I once rented a Maserati for a day to see what it was 
like, and drove under the speed limit the entire time. So, it's not surprising that by the fall of 2007, with mounting problems 
in housing, over-crowding in hedge fund strategies like statistical arbitrage and very low credit spreads, I got nervous and 
reduced portfolio risk heading into 2008. The following fall, after the collapse, I imagined a slow and steady approach to 
reinvesting. It would take time to rebuild confidence after the second 40% equity market decline in a single decade, right? 
After recessions in 1989 and 1999, you could take your time reinvesting in credit: high yield spreads remained elevated for 
to 4 years, allowing for a long, relaxed period of risk-taking by investors with the wherewithal to have avoided some of it 
in the first place. 
Then one day in early 2009, everything changed. The Fed Chairman's picture in the paper reminded me of a cross between 
Sean Connery and King Hussein of Jordan. His message was clear: he was going to shroud the markets in a warm embrace 
EFTA01188129
--- PAGE 2 ---
of unbounded, limitless liquidity. It was slow at first, but then appeared everywhere I looked, like an endless, pounding 
summer rain. The convertible bonds we bought in November 2008, and the commercial real estate-backed securities and 
leveraged loans we bought the following spring, rose in a passionate revival of credit markets. During the first few months 
of 2009, you could earn 10% or more on debtor-in-possession financing, and purchase private equity interests from 
overextended college endowments at steep discounts. But by the late summer, as the leaves turned, these opportunities 
began to fade as capital came back to credit markets. I held on tight, pulled in a convulsion of rising optimism and the 
search for yield. 
Fifty Trades of Grey: Fed purchases of Treasury and 
Agency securities, percentof total net supply issued 
(measured in 10-year equivalents, 6 month moving average) 
70% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
-10% 
Jan-09 Jul-09 Jan-10 Jul-10 Jan-11 Jul-11 Jan-12 Jul-12 Jan-13 
Source: Nomura Securities, J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC. 
That's ancient history now. For the last fifty months, the Fed has been buying Treasuries and Agencies, $2.5 trillion in all 
(measured in 10-year equivalents). As the Fed ravishes the riskless debt markets, its demand now accounts for —55% of the 
entire net supply issued by the Treasury, Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. My relationship with the Fed started to 
change: with its relentless debt purchases and 0% policy rates, the Fed apparently sees me as a rentier capitalist whose 
savings should be expropriated by keeping short term interest rates below inflation. What's a rentier capitalist? According 
to Lenin, someone who `clips coupons, who takes no part in any enterprise whatever, whose profession is idleness' .[a] I 
began to question my feelings about Quantitative Easing, even though it led to a very powerful rally in the credit markets... 
Global USD high yield markets 
Emerging markets US$ debt and high grade bonds 
Basis points 
Spread, basis points 
2,250 
1600 
600 
2,000 
1400 
Sovereign 
US High 
1,750 
Yield 
1200 
—0. 
Grade 
500 
(EMBI Global 
1,500 
Diversified Index) 
400 
41— 
1,250 
1000 
1,000 
800 
300 
750 
200 
500 
400 
250 
100 
200 
1987 
1992 
1997 
2002 
2007 
2012 
SourcIM. Morgan Securnies LLC. Data shown as lower of yield/spread 
1998 
2001 
2007 
2010 
2013 
to maturity and yeldispread to call date. 
Source: Bloomberg. 
On the plus side for credit, companies have a lot of cash and cash flow and I do not see a recession brewing, so a messy 
break-up between investors and credit markets seems unlikely this year based on fundamentals. Net of Fed purchases, there 
will be almost no net debt new issuance in 2013 [b], a very bullish supply picture. Furthermore, high yield companies have 
termed out their debt substantially relative to where they stood in 2008, and there has been a revival in CLO and CMBS 
issuance as structured credit markets improve. Remember as well that the Fed may not raise rates above 1% until 2015 
(extrapolated based on the pace of employment gains, labor force participation and the Fed's reported 6.5% unemployment 
EFTA01188130
--- PAGE 3 ---
threshold). For some investors, every bit of coupon income counts: they will be loath to sell, and feel bound to hold their 
credit positions forever. 
However, I'm also watching underwriting standards as investors weaken their emotional resolve. HY issues rated B- or 
below are rising as a % of issuance. So are debt-to-cash flow multiples on leveraged buyouts, and in Q4 2012, payment-in-
kind and covenant-lite issuance hit 2007 levels. This month, Federal Reserve Governor Jeremy Stein voiced concerns about 
over-heating credit markets, noting 'reach for yield' behavior and deterioration in terms and conditions. While high yield 
spreads don't look tight in an historical context, yields tell a different story. Given manipulation of riskless rates [see note c 
for an estimate thereof], I am inclined towards caution. 'Long credit' is a crowded position, and dealer inventory/liquidity 
has declined given industry rule-changes (according to Citi, high grade and high yield dealer inventories are 20% of 2007 
levels). A period of diminishing credit returns is upon us, and it's probably time for those with more than a normal 
credit allocation to begin saying goodbye WI. It will not be easy; love knows not its own depth until the hour of 
separation. 
Maturity extension by high yield borrowers 
US high yield bonds maturi ng, billions. USD 
500 
450 
400 
wAs of Dec 2008 
350 
wAs of Oct 2012 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
I 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 2020 or 
Year of maturity 
later 
Source: J.P. Morgan Secwities LLC. J.P. Mo rgan Asset Management. 
Underwriting standards softening, but below prior peaks 
Debt'cash flow 
70% 
6x 
LBO sr. debt 
to cash flow 
multiple 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
1997 
2000 
2003 
2006 
2009 
2012 
Source: Standard & PooreGlobal Fixed In come Reseatch. Capeal IQ. 
HY issues rated B- and 
lower as % of total issuance 
5x 
2x 
Once credit markets began to tighten, investors rushed headstrong into an intense love affair with dividend-paying stocks. 
The S&P Dividend Aristocrats Index has outperformed the market by a huge margin starting in 2009, so much so that a few 
months ago, cyclical stocks were trading at the largest discount on record relative to defensive ones, and still appear to be 
doing so. 
Cyclical stocks still looking cheap to defensive ones 
Ratio of cyclical stock Pits to defensives. using trailing earnings 
1.8 - 
1.6 -
1.4 
1.2
1.0 
0.8 -
0.6 - 
0.4 
1973 
1978 
1983 
1988 
1993 
Source: J.P. Morgan SecuritiesLLC. 
1998 
2003 
2008 
2013 
Valuations of REITs and Timber companies 
Price to forward Adjusted Funds From Operations 
PIE ratio 
45x 
40x 
35x 
30x 
25x 
20x 
10x 
15x 
10x 
5x 
5x 
1997 
1999 
2001 
2003 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
Source: ISI Group. Sloomterg. 
What of equity market valuations overall? Has a dreaded Fed-driven overvaluation cycle already begun? It depends on 
the lens you apply to remembrance of things past. Using 3 years of trailing earnings, the S&P 500 P/E multiple is around 
median compared to the last hundred years, and reasonable at a time of low inflation. Using 5 years of earnings makes 
today's multiple seem more expensive, since it inherently assumes that the earnings collapse in 2008 will occur every 
decade (I don't think this is a good assumption). Some positives: market expectations of future long-term earnings growth 
are low, and there's a lot of corporate and household cash lying around, the most in many decades on a combined basis. 
What about the equity market-to-replacement cost ratio? It can be a useful buy/sell signal when it's at extremes, but that's 
not the case now [e]. As for other equity valuation methods, such as those which flatter stocks by looking at the fact that I 
am forced to earn zero percent on my cash, I am trying to cast them aside: the deceptions we tell others are nothing 
compared to those we tell ourselves. 
EFTA01188131
--- PAGE 4 ---
S&P 500 price to 3 and 5-year trailing average earnings 
TobIn's Q: not at extremes, and therefore less Interesting 
Multiple 
Ratioof marketvalue to replacement cost of US non-financial comp. 
34x 
5-yea r 
1.8 -
28x 
1.6 -
1.4-
224 
h 
r 
1.2 - 
lex 
- 
0.8 - 
10x 
3-year 
0.6
0.4 - 
4x 
0.2 - 
1900 1910 1920 1930 1940 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 
Sou ce: Standard and Pool's Robert Shil er Data Set. JPMAM. As reported 
1900 1909 1919 1929 1939 1949 1959 1969 1979 1389 1999 2009 
earnings used prior to 12/31/1988. operating earnings user atter thatd ate. 
Source:Nations Bureau of Economic Research; Federal Reserve Board 
Reasonable valuations and a modest recovery in the US, Ch na and parts of the developing world should keep the 
party going. When inflation comes back and the Fed tightens, he party will likely end for a while, but at least right now 
the output gap (a measure of spare US capacity) still looks large. I have even seen remarks by Bernanke's courtiers, Evans 
and Yellen, indicating that the Fed will allow inflation to drift above its long term target for a while to ensure a recovery. In 
other words, they will postpone the inevitable for as long as they can. 
Lots of cash, everywhere 
Household and corporate cash balances. % of tangible assets 
1952 
1962 
1972 
Source. Federa Reserve 
1982 
1992 
2002 
2012 
A proxy for spare capacity. the US output gap 
Actual output relative b a measure of full potential output(from CBO) 
6% 
4% 
2% 
0% 
.2% 
-4% 
Positive output gap led 
to inflation 
46% 
Plenty of room to 
expand without inflation 
-8% 
1965 1970 1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
2005 2010 
Nevertheless, the end of the affair will come one day, and probably when I am not expecting it. Since the Greenspan-
Bemanke era of ultra-low policy rates began, the volatility of equities is even higher than before the creation of the Fed in 
1913, when the US was beset by frequent recessions and depressions. So here I remain, trapped in a cycle of market 
passions that careen from sadness to ecstasy, and then back again. The ecstasy phase has more room to run for now, and we 
are seeing signs that M&A activity (Berkshire Hathaway and 3G purchase of Heinz, Comcast purchase of GE assets, Liberty 
Media purchase of Virgin Global) and share repurchases are picking up, which is generally good for stocks. The Fed is 
looking for `substantial' labor market improvement, which means there will probably be another 12 trades of grey before its 
purchases end. What kind of imbalances will grow during this time? When the Fed stops buying riskless securities, we will 
find out how ready risky securities are to stand on their own, and how addicted investors are to Fed support. 
I remember the last time I was in this kind of tangled, complicated relationship. It was in 2003: the Fed set policy rates 
at 1%, below the rate of inflation [something John Taylor has been highlighting as explained in note f], and set in motion 
another cycle in which the value of cash was destroyed. Incredibly, investors in US T-bills earned returns below the rate of 
inflation until September 2005, which was well into the recovery and around the time the housing collapse began. Fed 
sponsorship of (another) housing boom [g] and the credit markets was great while it lasted, and I thought the affair would 
never end. But it did end, with sadness and with betrayal: when it came time for the Federal Reserve to warn me about 
possible consequences of surging home ownership costs, I didn't even get an email, or a salacious text. Instead, I read one 
day in the newspaper that the subprime issue was 'contained'. Love means never having to say you're sorry." 
EFTA01188132
--- PAGE 5 ---
US home price to rent ratio, and periods of negative real 
interest rates 
140 
135 , 
Index 111 1970 = 100 
130 
125 • 
120 • 
115
110 
105 
100 
2008 
1970 
1975 
1988 
1992 
0% • 
I 
-2% 
4% 
\N 
-6% 
1970 
1975 
1981 
1986 
1992 
1997 
2003 
2008 
Source: Federal Housing Finance Agency. Bureau of Labor Statistics. St. 
Louis Federal Reserve 
1981 
1997 
Negalive returns on 
3-month T-bills 
2003 
le Iv 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
BEA 
Bureau of Economic Analysis 
CMBS Commercial mortgage backed securities 
CLO 
Collateralized loan issuance 
CBO Congressional Budget Office 
FICA Federal Insurance Contributions Act 
QE 
Quantitative easing 
SOTU State of the Union 
TPC 
Tax Policy Center (Brookings) 
Notes 
[a] Vladimir Lenin, "Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism", Section VIII, Parasitism and Decay of Capitalism, 
1916. 
[b] Debt universe: high yield and high grade bonds, EM sovereign and corporate debt, municipals, Agencies, Treasuries and 
structured credit. 
[c] If you research estimates of the Fed's impact on long-term interest rates, you might be surprised at how low they are. 
The latest paper on the subject puts the impact at 35-45 basis points, and other studies show even lower estimates. See "The 
Federal Reserve's Large-Scale Asset Purchase Programs: Rationale and Effects", D'Amico, Nelson, Lopez-Salido and 
English, December 2012. 
[d] The same view does not hold for credit hedge funds with minimal directional exposure to spreads or rates, and who seek 
to take advantage of the decline in dealer inventory/market-making and resulting arbitrage opportunities that arise between 
bonds and credit default swaps. 
[e] Tobin's Q looks at the ratio between the market value of equities and their replacement cost, using the Federal Reserve 
Report Z1, Table B102. Values for 1900-1952 in the chart are based on estimates from Blanchard, Rhee and Summers ("The 
Stock Market, Profit And Investment', National Bureau of Economic Research, 1990). Some analysts believe that Tobin's Q 
has been overstated in recent decades, as intangibles make up a larger percentage of total assets. As an example, in 2009, a 
paper from The Conference Board estimated intangibles at 54% of total assets for US pharmaceutical companies, and at 
43% of total assets for US technology companies. 
[f] Inflation was at the same level in 2003 as it was in 1997, yet policy rates were 4.5% higher in 1997. This is a point that 
Stanford's John Taylor, a critic of current Fed policy, made last November at the Centennial Celebration of Milton Friedman 
at the University of Chicago. 
[g] The Fed had plenty of company in the housing boom/bust: homeowners, banks, mortgage originators and guarantors, 
broker-dealers, rating agencies, US government-sponsored enterprises, Congress, regulators and of course, the Department 
of Housing and Urban Development, which by the year 2000, required that 50% of all Fannie/Freddie origination went to 
affordable housing borrowers, which in turn resulted in a surge in 3% down-payments. There have been a lot of rule 
EFTA01188133
--- PAGE 6 ---
changes in the financial system in response: so far, Dodd-Frank is 34% complete and has generated over 11,000 pages of 
new regulations. On the other hand, half the volume of all home purchase loans from 2009 to 2011 were underwritten by 
the Federal Housing Administration, Veterans Affairs and the Department of Agriculture with average down-payments 
of.....3%. 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly any discussion of U.S. tax matters 
contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tar-
related penalties. Note that JP. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general market commentary Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Conbalest and may differ from those of other 
J.P. Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes JP. Morgan research and should not be treated as such. Further, the views expressed herein 
may differ from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summaryOricesiquotes/statistics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable, but we 
do not guarantee their accuracy or completeness, any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee offuture results. 
References to the performance or character ofour portfolios generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. It is a proxy for client 
performance and may not represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts 
depending on the unique objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed ffir specific activities. Bank, trust and investment management 
services are provided by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA, and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS), Member NYSE, FINRA and 
SIPC. and its affiliates globally as local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation ("FDIC"): are not deposits or other obligations of in bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates; and are subject to 
investment risks, including passible Ion of the principal invested. Nor all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. *leak with your J.P. Morgan 
Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is no, intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Private 
Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may increase the risk of investment loss, can be highly illiquid, are not required to provide 
periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve °ampler tax structures and delays in distributing important tar information. Typically such investment ideas 
can only be offered to. uitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which lido,. describes all terms. conditions. and risks. High yield bonds are 
speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit events which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. Investments in 
commodities carry greater 'okra than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks associated with international investing and may not be. uitable 
for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is not rendering accounting, legal or tax advice. You. hould consult with your 
independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, member NYSE, FINRA and 
SIPC'. and other affiliates globally as load legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom, this material is approved by J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPAIIB)with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf 
London El 4 sip, registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority In addition, this material may be distributed 
by: JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch, which is regulated by the French banking authorities Airtorite de Compote Prudently' and Ai:write des Marches 
Financiers: JP. Morgan (Suisse) SA, regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch, licensed as a conventional wholesale bank 
by the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only); JPMCB Dubai branch, regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed byJPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore 
branch and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private lands such as private equiry and hedge fiords) in which case it is distributed 
byJ.P Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore, this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material relates 
to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funth such as a primate equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by JP. Morgan (SEA.) Limited 
(JPMSEAL). Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America, the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation to any person in any Jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient ofthis presentation, and each agent thereof may disclose to any person, without limitation, the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials 
relate to a US income or franchise tax strategy provided to such recipient byJPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the 
information contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and serrates, please contact your J.P Morgan private banking representative. Additional information 
is available upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for JP.Iforgan Chase & Co. and its suttsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be 
reproduced or circulated without JP. Morgans authority. * 2013 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities. accuracy and completeness of 
information. viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at http:Owww.jpmorgan.comipagesidisclosurestemail. 
EFTA01188134

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188135.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eye on the Market I 
February 19, 201 
J.P.Morgan 
Fifty Trades of Grey: an illustrated story of investment, temptation, addiction and the cost of money 
Q I US retail sales were better than expected in January, despite higher tax rates, as the US consumer is still more active than 
European counterparts (P' chart). It's too soon to see the full impact of higher US income and payroll tax rates, but a Q4 jump 
in real wages, improved household balance sheets and a turnaround in housing may offset part of the headwind. We'll see in a 
couple of quarters. Meanwhile, in the SOTU address, the President talked about raising revenues. It will be interesting to see 
where they come from: after the recent tax act, top quintile tax rates are now 5 times higher than the second quintile, up from 2x 
in 1979 as progressivity increases further (2nd chart). Everywhere I go, however, there's a different topic on everyone's minds: 
what will happen when the Federal Reserve stops purchasing tens of billions in Treasury and Agency debt every month? 
It's possible that with a sufficiently dovish Chairperson replacing Bernanke in 2014 that they will never end, and that the US 
will end up like Ireland, with its Treasury perpetually beholden to its Central Bank; but I don't think so. The autobiographical 
story below is my view on Fed purchases and their impact on the world of investing. 
Auto sales: U-turns and Down-turns 
Percent of total population,3 month moving average 
6.5% 
US 
6.0% 
5.5% 
5.0% 
4.5% 
4.0% 
3.5% 
3.0% 
2.5% 
2.0% 
2010 
1998 
2002 
2006 
Average federal individual Income and social Insurance 
(FICA) tax rate by income group, Percent 
2013E 
Top 1% 
Top Quintile 
Middle Quintile 
Second Quintile 
Lowest Quintile 
1979 1982 1985 1988 1991 1994 1997 2000 2003 2006 2009 2012 
Source: BEA, Census Bureau, ECB, EuroStat. 
Source:CB°. TPC.JPMAM. Lowest quintile negative due to creditstransfers. 
Fifty Trades of Grey 
I was always the cautious type. I would wait until other people jumped into a lake to make sure it was deep enough. I have 
never been on a motorcycle, and have never held or fired a weapon. I once rented a Maserati for a day to see what it was like, 
and drove under the speed limit the entire time. So, it's not surprising that by the fall of 2007, with mounting problems in 
housing, over-crowding in hedge fund strategies like statistical arbitrage and very low credit spreads, I got nervous and reduced 
portfolio risk heading into 2008. The following fall, after the collapse, I imagined a slow and steady approach to reinvesting. It 
would take time to rebuild confidence after the second 40% equity market decline in a single decade, right? After recessions in 
1989 and 1999, you could take your time reinvesting in credit: high yield spreads remained elevated for 3 to 4 years, allowing 
for a long, relaxed period of risk-taking by investors with the wherewithal to have avoided some of it in the first place. 
Then one day in early 2009, everything changed. The Fed Chairman's picture in the paper reminded me of a cross between 
Sean Connery and King Hussein of Jordan. His message was clear: Ile was going to shroud the markets in a warm embrace of 
unbounded, limitless liquidity. It was slow at first, but then appeared everywhere I looked, like an endless, pounding summer 
rain. The convertible bonds we bought in November 2008, and the commercial real estate-backed securities and leveraged loans 
we bought the following spring, rose in a passionate revival of credit markets. During the first few months of 2009, you could 
earn 10% or more on debtor-in-possession financing, and 
Fifty Trades of Grey: Fed purchases of Treasury and 
purchase private equity interests from overextended college 
Agency securities, percentof total net supply issued 
endowments at steep discounts. But by the late summer, as 
(measured in 10-year equivalents, 6 month moving average) 
the leaves turned, these opportunities began to fade as capital 
70% 
came back to credit markets. I held on tight, pulled in a 
60.4 12 • 5 
7 
202. 1 
-4911.2534544"
convulsion of rising optimism and the search for yield. 
50,16 
e 9
2e, 
That's ancient history now. For the last fifty months, the Fed 
40% - 
lmi
has been buying Treasuries and Agencies, $2.5 trillion in all 
(measured in 10-year equivalents). As the Fed ravishes the 
20% - 
ST 
riskless debt markets, its demand now accounts for -55% of 
10% - 
the entire net supply issued by the Treasury, Ginnie Mae, 
30% - 
i. r 
118 
i 
A
Lw n 222
. 
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. My relationship with the Fed 
cry. 
E 
• 
started to change: with its relentless debt purchases and 0% 
10%
Jan-09 Jul-09 Jan-10 Jul-10 Jan-11 Jul-11 Jan-12 Jul-12 Jan-13 
policy rates, the Fed apparently sees me as a rentier capitalist 
Source: NomuraSecurities,J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC. 
EFTA01188135
--- PAGE 2 ---
Eye on the Market I 
February 19, 201 
J.P. Morgan 
Fifty Trades of Grey: an illustrated story of investment, temptation, addiction and the cost of money 
whose savings should be expropriated by keeping short term interest rates below inflation. What's a rentier capitalist? 
According to Lenin, someone who `clips coupons, who takes no part in any enterprise whatever, whose profession is idleness' .1
I began to question my feelings about Quantitative Easing, even though it led to a very powerful rally in the credit markets... 
Global USD high yield markets 
Basis points 
2,250 
2,000 
1,750 
1,500 -
1,250 • 
1,000 • 
750 -
500 -
250 • 
1987 
1992 
1997 
2002 
2007 
2012 
Sowce:J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. Data shown as lower of yield/spread 
to maturity and yield/spreadto call date. 
Emerging markets US$ debt and high grade bonds 
Spread, basis points 
1600 
1400 
1200 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
1998 
2001 
2004 
Source: Bloomberg. 
2007 
2010 
Sovereign 
(EMBI Global 
Diversified Index) 
US High 
Grade 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
2013 
On the plus side for credit, companies have a lot of cash and cash flow and I do not see a recession brewing, so a messy break-
up between investors and credit markets seems unlikely this year based on fundamentals. Net of Fed purchases, there will be 
almost no net debt new issuance2 in 2013, a very bullish supply picture. Furthermore, high yield companies have termed out 
their debt substantially relative to where they stood in 2008, and there has been a revival in CLO and CMBS issuance as 
structured credit markets improve. Remember as well that the Fed may not raise rates above 1% until 2015 (extrapolated based 
on the pace of employment gains, labor force participation and the Fed's reported 6.5% unemployment threshold). For some 
investors, every bit of coupon income counts: they will be loath to sell, and feel bound to hold their credit positions forever. 
However, I'm also watching underwriting standards as investors weaken their emotional resolve. HY issues rated B- or below 
are rising as a % of issuance. So are debt-to-cash flow multiples on leveraged buyouts, and in Q4 2012, payment-in-kind and 
covenant-lite issuance hit 2007 levels. This month, Federal Reserve Governor Jeremy Stein voiced concerns about over-heating 
credit markets, noting `reach for yield' behavior and deterioration in terms and conditions. While high yield spreads don't look 
tight in an historical context, yields tell a different story. Given manipulation of riskless rates3, I am inclined towards caution. 
`Long credit' is a crowded position, and dealer inventory/liquidity has declined given industry rule-changes (according to Citi, 
high grade and high yield dealer inventories are 20% of 2007 levels). A period of diminishing credit returns is upon us, and 
it's probably time for those with more than a normal credit allocation to begin saying goodbye's. It will not be easy; love 
knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. 
Maturity extension by high yield borrowers 
Underwriting standards softening, but below prior peaks 
US high yield bonds maturing, billions, USD 
Debt/cash f low 
500 
70% 
6x 
450 • 
LBO sr. debt 
400- 
60%- 
to cash flow 
% 
multiple 
350 - 
5x 
300 • 
250 - 
200 • 
150 • 
100 • 
20% 
50-
IPAs of Dec 2008 
■As of Oct 2012 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 2020 or 
Vearot maturity 
later 
Source: J.P. Morgan Securities LW. J.P. Morgan Asset Management. 
40% 
30% 
10% 
0% 
1997 
2000 
2003 
2006 
2009 
2012 
Source: Standard 8 Poor'sGlotnl Fixed Income Rosser& Capital IQ. 
HY issues rated B- and 
lower as % of total issuance 
4x 
3x 
2x 
Vladimir Lenin, "Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism", Section VIII, Parasitism and Decay of Capitalism. 1916. 
Debt universe: high yield and high grade bonds, EM sovereign and corporate debt, municipals. Agencies, Treasuries and structured credit. 
If you research estimates of the Fed's impact on long-term interest rates, you might be surprised at how low they arc. The latest paper on 
the subject puts the impact at 35.45 basis points, and other studies show even lower estimates. See "The Federal Reserve's Large-Scale Asset 
Purchase Programs: Rationale and Effects", D'Amico, Nelson, Lopez-Salido and English, December 2012. 
The same view does not hold for credit hedge funds with minimal directional exposure to spreads or rates, and who seek to take advantage 
of the decline in dealer inventory/market-making and resulting arbitrage opportunities that arise between bonds and credit default swaps. 
EFTA01188136
--- PAGE 3 ---
Eye on the Market I 
February 19, 201 
J.P.Mor an 
Fifty Trades of Grey: an illustrated story of investment, temptation, addiction and the cost of money 
Once credit markets began to tighten, investors rushed headstrong into an intense love affair with dividend-paying stocks. The 
S&P Dividend Aristocrats Index has outperformed the market by a huge margin starting in 2009, so much so that a few months 
ago, cyclical stocks were trading at the largest discount on record relative to defensive ones, and still appear to be doing so. 
Cyclical stocks still looking cheap to defensive ones 
Ratio of cyclical stock P/Es to def ensives, using trailing earnings 
1.8 
1.6 -
1.4 -
1.2 -
1.0 -
0.8 -
0.6 - 
Valuations of REITs and limber companies 
Price to forward Adjusted Funds From Operations 
25x 
20x 
15x 
10x 
0.4  
5x 
1973 
1978 
1983 
1988 
1993 
1998 
2003 
2008 
2013 
1997 
1999 
2001 
2003 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
Source: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. 
Source:ISIGroup,Bloomterg. 
PiE ratio 
45x 
40x 
35x 
30x 
25x 
20x 
15x 
10x 
5x 
What of equity market valuations overall? Has a dreaded Fed-driven overvaluation cycle already begun? It depends on the 
lens you apply to remembrance of things past. Using 3 years of trailing earnings, the S&P 500 P/E multiple is around median 
compared to the last hundred years, and reasonable at a time of low inflation. Using 5 years of earnings makes today's multiple 
seem more expensive, since it inherently assumes that the earnings collapse in 2008 will occur every decade (I don't think this is 
a good assumption). Some positives: market expectations of future long-term earnings growth are low, and there's a lot of 
corporate and household cash lying around, the most in many decades on a combined basis. What about the equity market-to-
replacement cost ratios? It can be a useful buy/sell signal when it's at extremes, but that's not the case now. As for other equity 
valuation methods, such as those which flatter stocks by looking at the fact that I am forced to earn zero percent on my cash, I 
am trying to cast them aside: the deceptions we tell others are nothing compared to those we tell ourselves. 
Reasonable valuations and a modest recovery in the US, China and parts of the developing world should keep the party 
going. When inflation comes back and the Fed tightens, the party will likely end for a while, but at least right now the output 
gap (a measure of spare US capacity) still looks large. I have even seen remarks by Bernanke's courtiers, Evans and Yellen, 
indicating that the Fed will allow inflation to drift above its long term target for a while to ensure a recovery. In other words, 
they will postpone the inevitable for as long as they can. 
S&P 500 price to 3 and 5-year trailing average earnings 
Multiple 
34x 
28x 
2:14 
16x 
10x 
4x 
1900 1910 1920 1930 1940 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 
Sou ce: Standard and Poor's, Robert ShierData Set, JPMAM. As reported 
earnings used prior to 12/31/1988, operating earni ngs used after that date. 
5-year 
3-year 
Tobin's O: not at extremes, and therefore less interesting 
Ratio of market value to replacement cost of US non-financial comp. 
1.8 -
1.6 -
1.4 
1.2 -I
-I
0.8 -I 
0.6 
0.4 
0.2 1 
0-' 
1900 1909 1919 1929 1939 1949 1959 1969 1979 1989 1999 2009 
Source: National Bureau of Economic Research; Federal Reserve Board 
Tobin's Q looks at the ratio between the market value of equities and their replacement cost, using the Federal Reserve Report Z1, Table 
B102. Values for 1900.1952 in the chart are based on estimates from Blanchard, Rhee and Summers ("The Stock Market, Profit And 
Investment", National Bureau of Economic Research, 1990). Some analysts believe that Tobin's Q has been overstated in recent decades, as 
intangibles make up a larger percentage of total assets. As an example, in 2009, a paper from The Conference Board estimated intangibles at 
54% of total assets for US pharmaceutical companies, and at 43% of total assets for US technology companies. 
EFTA01188137
--- PAGE 4 ---
Eye on the Market I 
February 19, 201 
J.P.Morganj 
Fifty Trades of Grey: an illustrated story of investment, temptation, addiction and the cost of money 
Lots of cash, everywhere 
A proxy for spare capacity: the US output gap 
Household and corporate cash balances,% of tangible assets 
Actual output relative to a measure of full potential output (frOM CBO) 
6% - 
1952 
1962 
1972 
Source: Federal Reserve. 
1982 
Positive output gap led 
to Inflatbn 
Plenty of room to 
expand without inflation 
-8% 
1992 
2002 
2012 
1965 1970 1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Nevertheless, the end of the affair will come one day, and probably when I am not expecting it. Since the Greenspan-
Bernanke era of ultra-low policy rates began, the volatility of equities is even higher than before the creation of the Fed in 1913, 
when the US was beset by frequent recessions and depressions. So here I remain, trapped in a cycle of market passions that 
careen from sadness to ecstasy, and then back again. The ecstasy phase has more room to run for now, and we are seeing signs 
that M&A activity (Berkshire Hathaway and 3G purchase of Heinz, Comcast purchase of GE assets, Liberty Media purchase of 
Virgin Global) and share repurchases are picking up, which is generally good for stocks. The Fed is looking for 'substantial' 
labor market improvement, which means there will probably be another 12 trades of grey before its purchases end. What kind of 
imbalances will grow during this time? When the Fed stops buying riskless securities, we will find out how ready risky 
securities are to stand on their own, and how addicted investors are to Fed support. 
I remember the last time I was in this kind of tangled, 
complicated relationship. It was in 2003: the Fed set policy 
rates at 1%, below the rate of inflation, and set in motion 
another cycle in which the value of cash was destroyed. 
Incredibly, investors in US T-bills earned returns below the 
rate of inflation until September 2005, which was well into 
the recovery and around the time the housing collapse began. 
Fed sponsorship of (another) housing boom and the credit 
markets was great while it lasted, and I thought the affair 
would never end. But it did end, with sadness and with 
betrayal: when it came time for the Federal Reserve to warn 
me about possible consequences of surging home ownership 
costs, I didn't even get an email, or a salacious text. Instead, 
I read one day in the newspaper that the subprime issue was 
'contained'. Love means never having to say you're sorry." 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
US home price to rent ratio, and periods of negative real 
interest rates 
140 
135 
130 
125 
120 
115 
110 
105 
100 
Index.1 1 1970= 100 
1975 
1981 
1986 
1992 
1997 
2003 
2008 
1970 
0% 
-2% 
-4% 
-6% 
1970 
1975 
1981 
1986 
1992 
1997 
2003 
2008 
Source: Federal Houslig Finance Agency, Bureau of Labor Statistics, St. 
Louis Federal Reserve 
yli\
of 
Negative returns on 
3-month 
T-bills
le Iry 
Inflation was at the same level in 2003 as it was in 1997, yet policy rates were 4.5% higher in 1997. This is a point that Stanford's John 
Taylor, a critic of current Fed policy, made last November at the Centennial Celebration of Milton Friedman at the University of Chicago. 
The Fed had plenty of company: homeowners, banks, mortgage originators and guarantors, broker-dealers, rating agencies, US government-
sponsored enterprises, Congress, regulators and of course, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, which by the year 2000, 
required that 50% of all Fannie/Freddie origination went to affordable housing borrowers, which in turn resulted in a surge in 3% down-
payments. There have been a lot of rule changes in the financial system in response: so far, Dodd-Frank is 34% complete and has generated 
over 11,000 pages of new regulations. On the other hand, half the volume of all home purchase loans from 2009 to 2011 were underwritten 
by the Federal Housing Administration, Veterans Affairs and the Department of Agriculture with average down-payments of.....3%. 
EFTA01188138
--- PAGE 5 ---
Eye on the Market I 
February 19, 20 
J.P.Morgan 
Fifty Trades of Grey: an illustrated story of investment, temptation, addiction and the cost of money 
BEA 
Bureau of Economic Analysis 
CMBS 
Commercial mortgage backed securities 
CLO 
Collateralized loan issuance 
CBO 
Congressional Budget Office 
RCA 
Federal Insurance Contributions Act 
QE 
Quantitative easing 
SOTU 
State of the Union 
TPC 
Tax Policy Center (Brookings) 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: .IPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tat advice. Accordingly. any discussion of U.S. far matters contained 
herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used. and cannot be used. in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with .IPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tar-related 
penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general market commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cm:balest and may differ from those of other J.P. 
Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes 1P. Morgan research and should not be treated as such. Further. the views expressed herein may differ 
from that contained in LP. Morgan research reports. The above summarylpricesiquotes/stafistics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable. but we do not 
guarantee their accuracy or completeness. any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. References to the 
performance or character of our portfolios generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. It is a proxy for client performance and may nor 
represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts depending on the unique 
objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for specific activities. Bank. Mal and investment management services are provided by JP 
Morgan Chase Bank. N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS). Member NYSE. FINRA and SIPC, and its affiliates globally as 
local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"): are not deposits or 
other obligations of its bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates: and are subject to investment risks. including possible loss of the principal 
invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with wurJ.P. Morgan Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Private Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may 
increase the risk of investment loss. can be highly illiquid. are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tax structures and 
delays in distributing important tax information. Typically such investment ideas can only be offered to. uitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which 
fully describes all terms. conditions. and risks. High yield bonds are speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit events 
which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. Investments in commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks 
associated with international investing and may not be suitable for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is nor rendering 
accounting, legal or tar advice. You should consult with your independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. and is affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. member NYSE. FINRA and 
SIPC, and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom. this material is approved byJ.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMIB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street. Canary Wharf. 
London EN 5JP. registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition. this material may be distributed by: 
!Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch. which is regulated by the French banking authorities Auto rite de Contra& Prudentiel and Atomise des Marches 
Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA. regulated by the Swiss Financial Market SupervisoryAuthority JPMCB Bahrain branch. licensed as a conventional wholesale bank by 
the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch. regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch 
and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed byJ.P. 
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific)Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore. this material is distributed by IPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material relates to a 
Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by LP. Aforgan (SEA.) Limited (JPMSEAL). 
Both IPMCB Singapore branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America. the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person. without limitation. the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of the 
transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials relate to a 
US income or franchise tax strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and is subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the information 
contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and services. please contact your J.P. Morgan private banking representative. Additional information is available 
upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for JPAforgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be reproduced or 
circulated without J.P. Morgan's authority. Cl 2013 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved 
EFTA01188139

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188140.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Tom Pritzker
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 18:25:09 +0000 
Attachments: Manager Schedule_ Feb_20th.pdf 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188140

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188141.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wednesday, February 20th 
Time 
Manager 
Mgr# 
Subject Matter 
10:00 AM 
Ari Glass 
Multi-strat model 
10:30 AM 
Plimsoll Capital 
Plimsoll FX Programs 
11:00 AM 
Alex Gerasev 
Equity pairs trading program 
11:30 AM 
Adam Campbell 
Pattern recognition strategy 
12:00 PM 
Dinko Cule 
Equity stat arb 
1:30 PM 
Levante Capital 
Energy market making 
2:00 PM 
Dmitriy Yurinev 
Equity short term directional 
2:30 PM 
Aegea 
Option volatility arb program 
3:00 PM 
Ulric Taylor 
Short-term directional futures 
3:30 PM 
Brian Donnally 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
3:45 PM 
Laith Shabaan 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:00 PM 
Christian Faber 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:15 PM 
Adil Iftikhar 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:30 PM 
Ted Peterson 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:45 PM 
OnThree 
Relative Value Arbitrage 
EFTA01188141

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188142.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jes Staley
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 18:25:41 +0000 
Attachments: Manager Schedule_ Feb_20th.pdf 
you are welcome at any time 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188142

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188143.pdf
----------------------------------------
Wednesday, February 20th 
Time 
Manager 
Mgr# 
Subject Matter 
10:00 AM 
Ari Glass 
Multi-strat model 
10:30 AM 
Plimsoll Capital 
Plimsoll FX Programs 
11:00 AM 
Alex Gerasev 
Equity pairs trading program 
11:30 AM 
Adam Campbell 
Pattern recognition strategy 
12:00 PM 
Dinko Cule 
Equity stat arb 
1:30 PM 
Levante Capital 
Energy market making 
2:00 PM 
Dmitriy Yurinev 
Equity short term directional 
2:30 PM 
Aegea 
Option volatility arb program 
3:00 PM 
Ulric Taylor 
Short-term directional futures 
3:30 PM 
Brian Donnally 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
3:45 PM 
Laith Shabaan 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:00 PM 
Christian Faber 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:15 PM 
Adil Iftikhar 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:30 PM 
Ted Peterson 
303 Prop Trading Teams 
4:45 PM 
OnThree 
Relative Value Arbitrage 
EFTA01188143

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188144.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murrey s 
FAAILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
HEW YORK. NEW YORK 1 uu 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of adios 14Kt yellow gold and diamond earrings containing 
a total of 84, prong set. round brilliant cut diamonds that have an 
approximate total weight of 6 75 cts and being H•I in color and VS1NS2 in clarity. The earrings 
bear the hallmark "Jose Hess" and weigh 10.8 cMt 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair markot valuo 
$ 2300.00 
Dab: AprIl 5, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW A7 NEW YORK CITY 
-:i THE APPRUSED VALUE LS DE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT mIlICJICOMPARALRE MERCHANDISE (MU) 8£ PURCHASED IN A RETAIL /ORLEY STORE 
HAm)LISO SUICHANUFSE Of COMPARMILE QUALITY 
.. l</J DRAM) NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TOSEIL THE ARTICLE Fat ITO AMOUNT' 
APHIAJSULS DONA TIDE OPINIONS AS TO Mt YµUL OF JEWELRY I tads VARY BY UP 10 23% 
: • 1 I 'IS COMPANY DNS NOT PROMISETO REPURCHASE 'ME ARTIOL flOm YOU AT PIE AWIF.MSED vALUSDR AT ANY FRµ'TION OF DE APPRAISED VAt L I 
JOBS 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK LicertidAppfalser 
EFTA01188144

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188145.pdf
----------------------------------------
vtm 
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1/4A„ lc 
s 
irov ei 
85TNte.
cA 
ak
 LAC 
RD AVENuE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1002 
PRON 
FAXES 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siieaal 
Appraisal No 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies handmade 10% iridium platinum diamond ring containing 
in the center a, 5 prong set, pear shape diamond that weighs 5.14 
cts and Ding Din color and Vat in clarity as slated on the GIA report numbered 2135250971(Copy 
attached). Flanking the center diamond are a well matched pair of, bridge set, tapered baguette cut 
diamonds that have an approximate total weight of .50 cts and match the center diamond in color 
and clarity. 
Total Fair market value 
$ 120000.00 
Dote: March 29, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED UY CQNSUMER YROTEC71O.4 LAW PT NEW YOKK ors'
... 
ArykAI>ED VALVE IS THE MYROMMATE PRICE A'r 
cOmPARAIII.EMERCHANUCC C.NEVLD UE IlikelL‘SED LS A kA-TAIL JEWELRY STvgi 
UllmicANI)Ist VF OLAWARAULE QUALITY 
. 
Sill sull. WT 
IV NE ABLE TO SELL TILE AICTICIL IOR 'THIS Amovwr 
ticANERN lioNA I IKE wiNI0NS AS TO Tilt YALut OF JEWELRY riix.e VARY KY LW TO 21% 
COmPASY DAS KIT PROMISE TO REPIRCIASE TIM ARTICLE PROW YOv AT TIC APPRAISED YAUJE OR Ar ANY rawrikm us 'Ile APPMAlily 
JOB N 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188145

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188146.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 19313 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1002 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 18Kt yellow gold and diamond brooch signed 'W EBB". 
The Brooch contain a total of 114. pave set, rotnd briliant cut 
diamonds that have an approximate total weight of 8.08 ohs and being F-G in color and VS1-V32 
in clarity. The brooch weighs 39.7 dart. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair motet Ws 
6000.00 
Date: March 31, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK CITY 
alt APWAISE.1) VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE pact Al' W11104 COMPARABLE MEI:CHAN:MEMAD RE PUROIASCD IN A RETAIL IfiWEIRY STORE 
IIANULIND siEROIANDTSE OF COMPARABLE DUALITY 
Or Silt:OLD:KY: EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL TIE AlriKLE KR 'flits AMOUNT 
,AltitAISEits BONA ODE OnNiONS AS TO DE VALUE OF AWNUtT ULNAS TART ET UP TOTS% 
IRIS COMPANY WES NOT PROMISE 10 REPURCI LOT ME ARTICLE ricum you AT IMIAPTRAISED VALUE OR
 TRACI:004 Or TIE APPRAISED TALL( 
JOB a 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Lacerated Appraiser 
EFTA01188146

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188147.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIR0 AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK IOU • 
PHON 
FAX 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal
Fair market value 
Estato 
A ladies 10Kt white gold diamond ring containing in the center 
a. 4 prong set. Radiant cut diamond that weighs 2.56 cts. and being 
natural fancy intense yellow in co or and VS2 in clarity as stated on the GIA report number 2135250914(copy 
attached). surrounding the center diamond are 207. pave set, round brilliant cut diamonds that have 
an approximate total weight of 4.14 cts and being F-G in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
9000.00 
Date: March 29, 2011 
I ATEMEN1 REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK CI'T'Y 
. OIL APPSNEED VALUE 5 THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHILTI COMPARAMI MERCHANDISE (OULU BE PIIIKHASED IN A RETAIL TEWEI.RY STORE 
HANDL I.Ma MERCHAHLITTE 41 OMIPOTABLEOUALII 
. 1ot. SHoLiD NOT EXPERT TORE MILE TO SELL THE ANTICI K FOR fllli ANIOUNI 
APPRAISERS NAHA MIX OPINIONS AS TO DIE VALUE OE JEWELRY FILMS VARY BY UP I02314 
. I I ES COMPANY DUES NUI PROMISE TO SCENIC' IASI. INE ARTIO-ki FROM YOU AT TTYi APPRAISED VALLIS,UR XI ANY FRACTION OF DIE APPRAISED %All 
JOG S 
DATED 
- 
a -
NEW YORK Licenred Appraiser 
EFTA01188147

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188148.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 1 BIRO AVENJF 
NEW YORK, NEW yomr. 
PHONE 
LAX 
Mrs. Peggy Siegel 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Fair market value 
Estato 
A ladies 14K1 two tone diamond bangle bracelet containing a total 
of 115. pave set. round brilliant cut diamonds that have an approximately 
total weight of 8 05 cts and being F-G m color and VS1-VS2in clarity The bracelet weighs 61 1 cNet 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
5000.00 
Date: March 29, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED DY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK CITY 
1IIt APtICADED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT wHICII COMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEwkIRY STORE 
ipaRING %LERCH/0MM or LompARADLE OUALIT 
LA, PICARD NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL n. AR pap PDR TI16 AmOvell 
ApiludEERS IOWA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO THE VALUE OF iEwEJAY HEMS VARY BY VP TOD% 
LxiEs Nut PiMmist. 10 REIRECItAst rit AR no E mom yuo AT OIL APPRAISED VAlk/E OR AI ANY INACTIONOF 11W APPItAist 
%At 
JOB 0 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188148

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188149.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002
RHON 
AX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies I 81<1 yellow gold and diamond necklace containing a total 
of 50. pave set, round brilliant cut diamonds that have an apprmdmate 
total weight of 5.54 cts and being G-H In 0010T and VS1-VS2 in clarity The necklace has a total 
weight of 70.6 dwt 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
6600.00 
Date: March 29, 2011 
siATIMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAN' 07 NEW YORK EN V 
. • I I IL APPRAISED VALUE LS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WEN COMPARABLL MERCHANDISE MU) BE PURCHASE)) IN A RETAIL lEwElltY STORE 
NANUtINU su:KCIIANDITELB COMPARABLE ()wary 
. 
WRIVID NOT EXPIXT TO BE ABLE TI3 SELL THE AR1XIt FOR MS AmOVNT 
. • AwkAlsOW BONA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO THE TALMO/ JEWELRY IBMS VARY BY UP TO TS% 
• I. illiNCIJMPANIT DOES Nut PXOTNSE10 IcFPURci RTC ENE ARTIOK IRoM 1.0u AT THE APPRAISED VALOR AT ANT RACOON OP TM MIRAISTO VAI I I 
JOB 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188149

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188150.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1 uL • 
PHONE 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs Peaav Sieoal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of ladies 14Kt white gold Pearl and Diamond Earrings containing 
a total of 340. pave set, round brithant cut diamonds that have an 
approximate total weight of 10.50 sta. and being G1 in color and Val -VS2 in clarity The earrings 
also contain a well matched pair of. peg set. South Sea pearls that measure 11.4 mm in diameter. 
The pearls have excellent luster, a smooth, even complexion and a creamy white color The earrings 
have a total weight of 11.4 diet.. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Falr market value 
f 
4000.00 
0069: Much 29, 2011 
STATEMENT REWIRED DT CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 0 NEW YORK CI'T'Y 
..SITE ApPRAISED VALUE IS 11 IE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT wHICH 03MPARAELL MEROIANDGE COULD SE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
iiAMELINE. LICRMANUEL or COMEMUUELLOUALITY 
Yoe SHOULD NOT EXPECTED BE ABLE TO SELL THE ANTIC(.(: TOR nits AMOUNT 
.LPpiudiERSLIONA VICE OPINIONS AS 10 'ME VALUE OFR:Wan riLms VARY BY UP102.5% 
I. IHISCOMPANY DOES NOT IIRCATISE TO RETURCHASE IIIF. ARI/Oli INom You A r TEE APPRAISED VALUE OR AT ANY FRACTION OF THE *PRAISED VAI I r 
JOB X 
DATED 
sr 
rye 
•  
--
t. 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188150

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188151.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murrey s 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRO XVENLJE 
NEW YORK NEW yo RA IL.. 
p HON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 18Kt two lone diamond necklace rneasunng 32 inches 
in length The necklace contains a total of 64. pave set, round 
brilliant cut diamonds that have an approximate total weight of 4 50 
cts and are G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. The necklace 
weighs 105 dwt 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
6500.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
SSTATEMENT RI LA:1Rn) BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK CITY 
THE App5uosa) VALUE 6711E APPROXIMATE FREE Al *INCH COmpARABLE MERCHANDISE COULDSE pURCTIASED IN A RETAL JEWELRY STORE 
IIA
 ..IERCIAANDOE of COmPARAINE QUALlry 
..'i tie slimy) NOT EXPECT TO SE ABLE 10 SELL ME AiniCli lot THIS AMOUNI 
Li(AxA EIDE OPINIONS AS TO ntE YAL612 OF JEWELRY I [DAS VARY BY urn) 25% 
a Ems COWAYY col% Nor nomBE TO REPuRciuLSI 'FRE ARTICLE Atom you Al THU APPRAISED par at AT ANY FRACTIONOVINE APPRAISED VAI 
JOB a 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK tkesedAppralrer 
EFTA01188151

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188152.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK,(
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. PODev Siegal 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 16KI two tone link necklace containing 16. bezel set. round 
mobe pearls that measure 18 mm. and 8. bezel set, round brilliant 
cut sapphires that have an approximate total weight of 2.00 cis. The sapphires have a rich, deep 
blue color and are free of any visible inclusions. The necklace measures 36 inches in length and 
weighs 116 dwt 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
5000.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED UT CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 
NEW YORK crry 
Ili APPRAISED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT YMICH COMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PUROmSED IN A RETAIL MwELRY STORE 
HASDLING MERCHANDISE or COMPARABLE QUALITY 
: 
OU SHOULD NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SDI 'ME ARTICLE FOP IDIS ASICIJNI 
• LIIVADESS DONA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO TIM VALUE OF LEWIS-I(1MM VARY By UP TO b% 
I HIS COMPAN1' DOES NUT MONIST TO REPURCHASE. TIIE ARENT 13 TROIA YOU AT THE APPRAISED vAyEaKAT ANY 'RAMON oF 
AYPPAISLD Vni I 
-- 
JOB I 
DATED 
BY 
 _ 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188152

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188153.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Retail replacement value 
Insurance 
A pa of 14Kt yellow gold and turquoise cufflinks containing 4. 
bezel set, turquoise that measure 9.5 x 7.5 mm. The cufflinks weigh 
9.5 ctort.. 
Total Retail replacement value 
Date: April 5, 2011 
Appraisal No: 
1250.00 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW N7 NEW YORK CITY 
. • :HI APPRAISED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH COMPARABLEMERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY SORE 
HANDLING MI ROIAHDISE Of ODAIMJIAULE QUALITY 
L; SHOULD NOT EXPECT TO BE MILE TO SELL TIE ARTICLE FO rum AMOUNt 
ApvitAISUMS RONA PIOECVINIONS AS TO 'MI VALUE OF JEWELRY HUM VµY BY UP TO 2S% 
• I HIS COMPANY DOES PAW PROLOSE TO REPURCHASE'llIE ARTICLE FROM YOU AT lliE APPRAISED VALDE OR AT ANY FRACTION OF TNT APPRAISED PAHA 
JOB, 
, , 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Llca6RdAppraiser 
EFTA01188153

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188154.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK NEW YORK i 
PHONE 
FAX:( 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 14Kt yellow gold heavy link chain that measures 18- in 
length and weighs 91 chvt.. 
Total Fair market value 
Appraisal No: 
$ 4000.00 
Date: April 15, 2011 
ATEM ENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW MT NEW YORK arY 
I HE ArlitAisED VALUE IS TIE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT wHICHCOLwARAULL MUKHANDISE COULD& PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
ilAsuilsG :99RM/woeful; C)NWARABLEQUALII 
BluULD NOT EXPECT TOSE ABLE TO at. TIE ARTICLE FOR TIILS AMOUNT 
APPRAISERS HoNA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO TIE VALUE OF NWF.LRY AIMS VARY BY LP TO 2S% 
DES CEDIPAN Y WEE NOT PROMISE TO RETURCHASF. THE ARTICLE IKON YOU AT THE APPRAIRRD_VAI,J4kOk Al ANY FRACTION OF TIE APPRAISED YALE 
JOB I 
DATED 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188154

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188155.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMLY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YOR 
PHONE 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies Stainless steel and 18Kt yellow gold Cartier Santos wrist 
watch containing a 4 jewel quartz Carter movement number 157. 
The case is numbered 1057930 with the senal number 35236 and is mounted to a Cartier bracelet 
numbered 06,93. The dial has a brushed goad tone finish with wed Roman numerals. 
Total Fair market value 
$ 1500.00 
Date: April 16, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW IT NEW YORK cri'Y 
.• 
APKWIED VALUE SIRE APPROXIMATE PRICE Al wHICHCOMPARMILE ATEROIANOTSE COULD BE PURCHµED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
HANDLIM; sTEROIANDISE OF COMPARABLE OUALOY 
Liu SHOW) NOT EXPECT TOE ABLE TO SW. THE ARTICLE rat HOS AMOUNT' 
‘PriLuSEIT9 RONA VIDE CPINICOIS As TOTH' PALM tW JEWELRY nags WAY BY UP TO DM 
THIS COMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE TOREPURCHALE THE ARTICLE FROM YOU AT THE APPRAISED YALTA OR AT ANT FRACTION OF THE AMUSED VAR. 
JOB Of 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Clamed Appraiser 
EFTA01188155

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188156.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
JOBS 
DATED 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002 
PHONE 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Poggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 18Kt yellow gold BvIgati wrist watch containing an 8 jewel 
Bvlgari movement number 712-MBBL housed in a Bvgari case 
numbered BB28GL and P257591. 
Total Fair market value 
Appraisal No: 
Wang 
2000.00 
Date: April 15, 2011 
S I A fEMENT KIQUI KEMP! CONSUMER PROTECTKR4 LAW /THEW YORK CITY 
:HE APPRAISED VALUE IS IRE APPROXIMATE PRKE AT WHICH COMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
HANLAI% MEItCHANLXSL LB COMPARABLE QUALITY 
:r YOU SHOULD NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL THE. ARTICLE FOR 'MIS AMOUNT 
,s APHIAISERS BORA FlUEOPINIONS AS TO THE VALUE Of JEWELRY ITEMS VARY BY UP'S° 21% 
4. DMCOMPANY DOES M)T PROMISE TO REPURCHASE THE awncts FROM YOU AT 111E APPRAISED VALUE01/4AT ANY FRACTION OE THE APPRAISED VAI L 
BY 
• 
NEW YORK Liceird Appraiser 
EFTA01188156

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188157.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
139$ THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002 
PHONE 4212)879-3690 
FAX: (212) 879-765 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 18Kt white gold and diamond Pert Protocols wrist watch 
containing 250. pave set. round brilliant cut diamonds that have 
an approximate total weight of 2.50 cts and being F-G in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. The dial is 
mother of pearl and is set with 3.4 prong set, round single cut diamonds at the 3, 6 and 9 o'clock 
position. The Watch contains a Piaget movement number 57P that has the serial number 0000300 
The case of the watch is numbered 5225 and 836068 and features an interchangeable black satin 
strap 
Appraisal Nol
l 
Total Fair market value 
$ 6000.00 
Date: April 15. 2011 
summ ENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 91 NEW YORK C11 Y 
lit AppliAls1DYAI.UE IS IHE APPROMAIATE PRICt AT wiIILTI COMPARABLE MLItCHANCISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A REFAR JEWELRY STORE 
riAMM.INU MERCHANDISE (% COMPARABLE QUALTI Y 
i W SIIDER.D NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO %LEINE ARTICLE FOR TIM AMOUNT 
• APPRAISERS' BONA EIDE OPINIONS AS TO'DIE VALUE OF JEViEIRY HENS VARY UY UP'S° 21% 
; TiiiS COMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE TO REPURCHASE IIIE ARTICLE Timm YOU AT THE APPRAISED YAWED:lit AT ANY FRACTION OF DK APPRAISED VAI 
JOB a 
DATED 
BY 
p--: 
-
NEW YORK Licch/24Nmther 
EFTA01188157

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188158.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
JOB a 
DATED 
1396 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK NEW Y R 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mn. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 18K1 white gold multi strand Bib stye necklace containing 
235 pearls that measure 9-9.5 mm each and have a creamy white 
color, excellent luster and a smooth even complexion. The necklace 
also contains a total of 48. pave set round brilliant cut diamonds 
that have an approximate total weight of .48 cts and 52: 4 prong 
set. round brilliant cut diamonds that have an approximate total 
weight of 1.56 cts.. All of the diamonds are G-H in coke and VS1-VS2 
in clarity. There are also 2.4 prong set, round brilliant cut Sapphires 
that have an approximate total weight of .10 cts., have a deep rich 
blue color and are free of any visible inclusions. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
S 
3000.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
STATEMENT RIMINI BY CONSUMER pROTECTION LAw N7 NEW TOM( CITY 
I HE APPRAISED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT uniKal 03MPARABLI kitiROIANDEsti COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL IENVIBRY STORE 
IANTAING siERCHANDLSE Oi COMPARABLE QUALM' 
. YOE USUULD NOT EXPECT TORE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICI.F. FOR Tilts AMOUNT 
• APPRAISEkx RONA FIDEOPINIONS AS TO TIE VALE Of JEWELRY WENS VARY HY VP TV 25% 
ri DS cOmPAsy DOES NOT PROMISE TO REPEAL: Ham THE ARMEE FROM YOU AT THE APPRAISED VALUILKAT ANY FltALTION0E TILE APPItAiSED 
BY tett 
. _ 
NEW YORK Llctd &Appraiser 
EFTA01188158

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188159.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK NA: 
PHONE 
FAX:
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 18Kt yellow gold and diamond scarf clip containing a total 
of 17. pave set. round bnlliant cut diamonds that have an approximate 
total weight of 34 cts. and being G4-1 in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity The clip weighs 5.9 dwt 
Total Fair market value 
f 
400.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
STATEMEC REQUIRED DT CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW /C1 NEW YORK COY 
• ;A APPEASED VALUE IS TIC APPROXIMATE PIUCE AT CHKII 03MPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD 9E PURCHASED IN A RETAILJEWELRY STORE 
DANDLING ML ROIANDUE IN COMM/TAU/A OUM.EI 
fOUSIKAAD NOT EXPECT TOSE ABLE TO SELL. ME ARTICLE TORTIOS AMOUNT 
• AA/RAISERS [ANA /AL OPINIONS AS rO THE VALUE IA JEWELRY RIMS VARY DT UP TO 15% 
; • EMS COMPANY DOES Nut PROMISE TOR CPWICHAST: TIC ARTISTE MOM YOU AT THE APPRAISED VALUE OR AT ANY FRACTION OF THE APPRA/SED vAl T I 
JOSH 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Lic‘ed Appraiser 
EFTA01188159

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188160.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
PANAY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002 
PAN 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A 14Kt yellow gold nng containing in the center a. bezel set. oval 
Madeira Citrine that measures 10 x 12 x 6 mm.. The Opine has 
a deep orange brown color and is free of any visible inclusions. The nng weighs 4.8 Owl.. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
300.00 
On April 15. 2011 
STATEMENT It MIMED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK CIE Y 
THE APPRAISED VALUE 5 THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH COMPARABLE MMEHANOISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RITAIL JEWELRY STORE 
ItANDLII.G MERCHANDISE OF COMP/dualQUALITY 
tOLI SHOULD NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICLE FOR THIS AMOUNT 
APPRAISERS BONA EIDE ININIONS AS TO THE VALUE OF JEWELRY ITUAS VARY BY UP TO 2S% 
4, TIM COMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE TO REPURCHASE THE ARTICLE FROM YOU AT THE AMUSED VALUE OR AT ANY FRACTION OEM APPRAISED VALE 
J08 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK lictritted Appraiser 
EFTA01188160

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188161.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 10c2 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 16 inch. 3 row. Keshi pearl and faceted crystal necklace 
The necklace is strung to a 14Kt white gold interlocking clasp. 
Total Fair makat Wu* 
Dal: April 6,2011 
$ 
300.00 
S'TATEMEN'T' REQUIRED UT CONSUMER PROTECTION IAW n NEW YORK CITY 
. 
_ 
. 
• THE APPRAISEDVALUE IS TIC APPROXIMATE PRICE Al WHIOT COmPARAWZ MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A REV& JEWELRY STORE 
I(.SOU
 NIERCHANOtsl or COMPARABLE QUALITY 
:$ Li (Ai SI lucLU NOT EXPECT TORE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICLE FOR ITC AMOUNT 
•• ApHLAIStJtS SUM HUE CelMONS AS TO THE VALUE Of JEWELRY OEMS VARY By UPTO 1S% 
t• 11115compANY DUES NUT PROMISE TO kfrUkCHASE nE ARTICLE. IlOM YOU AT11111 APPRAISED VALLI OR AT ANY FRACTION OF nit AHIAISID vAi k 
JOB 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188161

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188162.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1002 
PHONE 
FAX: I 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peppy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of ladies 18K! yellow gold and diamond oamngs conlaming 
a total of 76, pave set, round single cut diamonds that have an 
dpproxitra!o total weight of 76 cis and being G•H in color and VS14/82 in clarity. The wrings have 
a total we
 e 20 5 Mitt 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
Data: Nell 4. 2011
$ 
750.00 
STATEMENT REWIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW FT NEW YORK CITY 
.. THE APPRAISED VALUE LS ME APPROXIMATE PRICE Al WRICIICONUM.RANLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A REIN. JEREMY STORE 
HAM.H.INC SUROIANDISE tN CCXMPANAIRE QUALITY 
. YOU SHOLCONEJT EXPECT TO RE ABLE 10 SELL 111E 
KRIM AMOUNT 
•. APPRAISERS BONA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO THE VALUE Of JEWELRY ITEMS VARY BY UP TO 25% 
is THIS COMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE TO REPURCHASE THE ARTKLE FROM YOU AT ME APPRAISED yaiks 95 AT ANY FRACTION OF ME APPRAISED VAI • 
JOEY 
DATED
BY 
- 
LICRI/dApprai.Tel 
NEW YORK 
EFTA01188162

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188163.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10u: 
PHONE 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Appraisal No 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A 14Kt yellow gold "Mothers" pendant that measures 39 mm in 
diameter. The pendant contains 3, bead set, synthetic stones( 1-ruby, 
1-Aquamarine and 1 pearl). There are 3 small discs suspended from the bottom of the pendant. The 
engraving reads "These are my jewels" and the small ckscs are engraved "Peggy', "Martin- and 
'Gary. The pendant weighs 13.4 diet. 
sey 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
500.00 
Date: April 4, 2011 
FATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW ST NEW YORK CITY 
:HE APPRAISED VALUE IS IRE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT 144ICH COMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD SE PURCHASED IN A RETAL JEWELRY STORE 
I LAADLINC. MLICRANDOE OF COMPikILMILE QUALITY 
. ice:SW/LID NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICLE FOR DOS AMOUNT 
APPRAISERS' DORA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO me VALUE Ora:WI:1Y films VARY BY UP11)21% 
TIM COMPANY COES NOT PROMISE TO REPURCHASE IRE ARTICLE ROM YOU Al THE APPRAISED VALUE OR AT ANY FRACTION OF THE APPRAISED VAI t I 
JOB 0 
DATED 
BY 
e- 
— 
NEW YORK Lice 
d Appraiser 
EFTA01188163

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188164.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YOR 
PHONE 
FAX: I 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
i 
Appraisal No
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of ladies 18Kt yellow gold earrings containing In the center 
a pair of, bezel set. carver mother of pearl intaglias. The earring 
also contain a well matched pair of cultured pearls that measure 8 mm in diameter. The pearls have 
a creamy rose color, a smooth even complexion and excellent luster. Accenting the pearls are a 
total of 14. pave set, round bnIliant cut diamonds that hays) an approximate total weight of 32 ctS 
and being G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. 
Total Fair market value 
S 
600.00 
Date: Apdl 4, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED OY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW NT NEW YORK CITY 
. • T ILE APPRAISED VALUE IS TILE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH COMPMABIA MaCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL ifEwELRY STORE 
ilANOLING MERCHANDISE of COMPARAWA. QUAL, I 1' 
.. WPC WOULD NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO WU. 111E ARTICLE TOR THIS AMOUNT 
APPRAISEAS RONA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO 151E VALUE LA JEWELRY I RIIS VARY DY UP PO TS% 
I. THIS COMPANY DON NOT PREMISE TO REPURCHASE IKE ARTICLE FROM YOU AT 11113 APPRAISED VALUE OR Al ANY FRACTION OF TIE APPRAISED VAI t 
JOB 0 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Mots iAppraiser 
EFTA01188164

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188165.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002 
PHONE 
FAX 
Mrs. Peony Si 
al 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A par of ladies 18Kt two tone diamond Hoop" Earrings containing 
a total of 30. pave set, round bnIliant cut diamonds that have an 
approximate total weight of 60 cls and being G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
500.00 
Date: April 16„ 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW N7 NEW YORK CI I Y 
. 'THE ApERADED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE NIKE AT %ERICH COMPARABLE MUtCHANDCSE MAD BE PURCHASED IN A RE AIL JEWELRY STORE 
HANDLING SILROIANDLSE Ut COMPARAIILL QUALIT Y 
YOU 51101V2 NUT EXPECT TORE ABLE TO SELL THF. ARTICLE FOR DIIT AMOUNT 
• . LNILAISEVS BONA UUE oriNIONN AS TO TIE VALVE OF rEwaitY ITEMS WAY BY UP TO 25% 
• H DES COMPANY GOES NUT PROMISE TO REPURCHASE THEARTICLE FROM YOU AT THE APPRAISED vAuntOR AT Ayy FRACTION OF DE APPRAISED LIM 
JOB 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK liceLApproLver 
EFTA01188165

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188166.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 193$ 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1003 
PHONE 
FAX 
Mrs. Peppy Siegal 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 14 strand fresh water peal necklace. The necklace is 
strung to an 18Kt yellow gold clasp that is set with a total of 39, 
pave set, round brilliant at diamonds that have an approximate total night of .39 cu. and being 
G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
800.00 
Dab: April 4, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK crry 
APPRAISED VALUE IS TIM APPRO)0MATE PRICE AT WHICH COMPARMILL MERCHANDISE IMULD BE PURCHASED IN ARETAL JEWELRY STORE 
MERCHANIME W COMPARMILLQUALIET 
. 
SHDULD NOT EXPECT TORE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICLE FOR THIS AMOUNT 
APPRAISERS' DUNA EIDE OPINIONS AS TOME VALUE OF JEWELRY MAO VARY BY UP SO 25% 
TIM COMPANY DOES M)1 PROMISE TO REPURCHASE 'HEE ARTICLE FROM YOU Al DIE APPRAISED VALUE...NI AT ANY FR/CRONOVINE APPRAISED vAL 
JOBS 
DATED 
BY 
- 
NEW YORK LiceNliAppraiser 
EFTA01188166

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188167.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
J08 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1002 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Poggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of ladies 1EKI yellow gold earrings containing a pair of. bezel 
set, green tourmalines and a pair of pink tourmalines cabochon 
that measure 10 x 12 mm. The earrings weigh 17.5 dvA 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
S 
400.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW N7 HIM YORK CITY 
IRE APPRAISED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH MIMPARAIRE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCIIASED IN A RETAL JEWELRY STORE 
11AM/LING MERCHANDISE Ul COMPARABLE QUALIFY 
YUL: DRAW NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL ME ARTICLE TORT its AMOUNT' 
AllitAISERS IRMA VIOL OPINIONS AS TO 711E VALUE OF JEWELRY ERNS VARY BY UP 10 2S% 
s. lilts COMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE TO ROVRCiuEsE 
minak MOM YOU Al HE APPRAISED VALUEOR AT ANY ERACFION Cf ENE APPRAISED VAI 
d..‹,r7M11
— 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Licobed Appraiser 
EFTA01188167

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188168.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMLY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002 
PHONE 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pax of tadios 18Kt yellow gold carved black onyx and diamond 
eamngs containing a total of 68, pave set, round brilliant cut diamonds 
that have an approximate total weight of 1.36 cts and being G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity 
The earrings weigh 26.5 dwt.. 
Appraisal No 
Total Falr market value 
$ 1300.00 
Date: April 4, 2011 
STATEMENT REWIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW PT NEW YORK CITY 
THE APPSLAISED VALUE CS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICHCOMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STOKE 
I I5NDLING MEROIANULSI LB COMPARABLE QUALITY 
PRI SNOOD NOT EMU" TO BE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICl/ SORDID AMOUNT 
‘PPRAISERY IJOKA EWE OPINIONS AS TO HIE VALUE OP JEWELRY DIMS %%RV by UP TO 25% 
THIS COMPANY COTS isn PROMISE TO REPURCHASE. THE ARTICIE PROM YOU AT THE APPRAISED VALUE OR AT ANY FRACTION OF THE APPRMSED VALLI 
JOBS 
DATED 
BY 
.74—r 
NEW YORK Licensed Appraiser 
EFTA01188168

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188169.pdf
----------------------------------------
M urreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1935 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK lin)/ 
PHONE 
FAX: ( 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of ladies 18Kt yellow gold Mobe pearl and damond earrings 
containing a well matched pair of. bezel set, round mobe pearls 
that measure 17 x 12.3 mm. The pearls have a smooth even complexion, a creamy rose color and 
excelient luster Flanking the mobe pearls are a total of 24. pave set, round brilliant cut diamonds 
that have an approx•mate total weight of 48 cts. and being G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. The 
earrings weigh 24.6 dwt. .
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
725.00 
Des: April 4, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED eV CONSUP.I ER PROTECTION LAW 17 NEW YORK CO
,•:IIE.G.PRAJSED VALUE IS 7HE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WITIL71COmPARABLE ME ICHANINSE COULD at PURCHASED IN A RETAIL TEWURY STORE 
HANDLING MERCHANDISE of COMPMLWELWAUTY 
: ,ITA; SIKKILD NOT EXPECT reef ABLE TO SELL. THE ARTICIE ECM 'MIS AAIODNE 
. • ApploasEks BONA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO Da VALUE OF JEWELRY ITEMS VARY BY LP TO ZS% 
ClamPANy DoES HUT pliCauSE TO REPURLITAD TI IL ARTICLE FROM Tou Al T6 APPRAISED vAigki LM AT ANY FRACTION OF Till APERAISED v ALL t 
JO8 N 
DATED 
NEW YORK Lice. Cd Appraiser 
EFTA01188169

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188170.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1938 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK Ic.. 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies :8K1 two tone diamond and ruby "Bee" pn containing a 
total of 19. prong set, round brilliant cut diamonds that have an 
approximate total weight of 1.55 cts. and being G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. Two rubies have 
an approximate total weight of .04 cts. and have a rich, blood red color and are free of any visible 
inclusions 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
600.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW II NEW YORK CITY 
. • I HE APPRAISED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH COMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULDBF PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
I tANULING MlIkOIANCISE OE COMPARABLE QUAL' I V 
:ft YOU SMALLNOT EXPECT TO RE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICLE FOR MS AMOUNT 
APPILAISEks' RONA MIX OPINIONS AS TO THE VALUE Of JEWELRY ITEMS VARY BY UP TO BR 
i • THISCOMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE 10 REPURCHASE THE ARTICLE FROM WU AT THE APPRAISED VALUE OR AT ANY FRACTION OF THE APPRMSED VAI. LE 
JOBS 
DATED 
NEW YORK !Sward Appraiser 
EFTA01188170

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188171.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murrey s 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW TORR. NEW YORK RA: 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladles 14Kt yellow gold and diamond heart shape enhancer/pendant 
containing a total of 50. pave set. round brilliant cut diamonds that 
have an approximate total weight of 54 cts, and being G-H in cob( and VS1-VS2 in clarity The pendant 
weighs 17 dwt 
Appraisal No: 
Total Falr market value 
S 
675.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK CRY
,,111E APPRAISED VALUE LS 111E APPROXIMATEma AT WHILIICOMPARABLE MERCHANDISE OVA> BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
IJAM/LING MEROIANIXSE OF CONIPARABLE QUALITY 
YI.A; SHOW)$O7 EXPECT TORE ABLE 70 SELL TIE ARTICLE FOR THIS AMOUNT' 
APPRAISERS' BONA TIDE OPINIONS AS TO THE VALUE Of /CWILRY mats VARY RV UP TOD% 
.1. MIS COMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE TO REpuRLImsE TIC ARTICLE FROM YOU AT Tilt *MUM= VALUE OR AT ANY FRACTION OF nit APPRAIS{ v At 
JOB # 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Liceesed Appraiser 
EFTA01188171

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188172.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1(K2 
PFION 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Slogal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of ladies 1810 yellow gold earrings containing 2. bezel set. 
cabochon cut green tourmalines that measure 17.2 x 12.5 x 18.1 
mm_ Surrounding the tourmalines are a total of at pave set round brilliant cut diamonds that have 
an approximate total weight of 1.20 cts. and being VS1-VS2 in clanty and G-H in color. The eamngs 
weigh 18.6 dwt 
Appraisal No 
Total Fair market value 
750.00 
Date: April 4, 2011 
S I ATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWN, NEW YORK COY 
I HE APPRMSED VALUE IS 111E APPROXIMATE PRICE AT PORCHCOMPARABLE MERCHAICISE COULD BE PURCIIASED IN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
IIAWLINO MERCILANINSL OI LYJMPMIAMA: ()owl Y 
:; YOU SHOVEDNOT EXPECT TO RE AIME TO SELL THE minas TOR THIS AMOUNT 
AM...USERS BONA FIDE OPINIONS AS ID THE VALUE OF JEWELRY ITEMS VARY BY UP TOM 
Ii THIS COMPANY DOES NUT PROMISE TO REPURCHASE nrE ARTICLE FROM YOU AT THE APPRAISED VALLIBVI AT MIT FRACTION OE TIC APPRAISED VAI 
JOB I/ 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK Liceided Appraiser 
EFTA01188172

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188173.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1002 
PHON 
FAX 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A pair of Ladies 18Kt two tone diamond earrings containing a total 
of 66. pave set, round brilliant cut diamonds that have an approximate 
total weight o11.95 cts. and being G-H in color and VSI -VS2 in clarity 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
750.00 
Date: April 6, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 17 NEW YORK cnY 
.1HE APPRAISED VALUE 6111E APPROXIMATE MICE AT WHIOI COMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED EN A RETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
I iEsDLImG MERCHANDISE LS COMP/AM/LB QUALITY 
YOU SHOVED NOT EXPECT TO HE ABLE TO SES.L THE ARTICLE FOR THIS AMOUNT 
..PIIMISERS' DONA FIDE OPIMONS AS TO TILE VALUE. Of JEMMY ITEMS VARY BY UP T0 2S% 
Dui COMPANY DOES MOT PROMISE TO REPURCHASE HE ARTIC1.b FROM YOU AT THE APPRAISED VALUED! MANY FRACI1011 OP THE APPRAISED VALLE 
JOBS 
DATED 
BY
NEW YORK Lkw4opmire 
EFTA01188173

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188174.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1042 
PHON 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. PeQay Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
An 18Kt yellow gold coin frame pinlpendant contaking 3. pave 
set, round brilliant cut diamonds that have an approximate weight 
of .09 cts. and being G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. The piece also contains 2, bezel set, round 
cabochon rubies that measure 4.5 mm and 1. bezel set, round cabochon sapphire that measure 
5.5 mm.. The piece has a total weight of 33.7 dot..
Appraisal No: ■ 
es, frf.
111(.1 
Total Fair market value 
$ 
850.00
Date: March 29, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 17 NEW YORK CITY 
. _ _ 
_ . 
... 
. 
...... . 
. __ . . 
2222-222..2_.
. , 111E ArriGusED VALUE owe APPROXIMATE PRICE AT witiOl COMPARABLE. NERCHANDoz COULD BE PURCHASED IN A RETAIL lEwELRY STORE 
ITANixiNG mERotANDITE te compARATILE QUALIFY 
,'(.0 Seoul.° NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICLE TOR Elks Amourrr 
. AppKAISCRT euNA 110E OPINIONS AS TO TUE VALUE DE.WwLLRY rims YAM by UP TO Mc 
. : • II DS CONwANy DOES NOT PROMISE ToREPURCHASE Tie ARTICLE nom YOU A7 WE APPRAISED 
,is CR AT ANY FRACTION OF DIE APPRAISED vALt. / 
JOB 
DATED 
BY 
•
-
•
_
•
•
_
NEW YORK tic 
Appraiser 
EFTA01188174

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188175.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
1396 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW TORS, NEW YORK 1002 
PHONE 
FAX: I 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. POmw Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estato 
A ladies 18Kt yellow gold and diamond bangle bracelet containing 
a total of 6. burnish set, round brilliant cut diamonds that have an 
approximate total weight of 1.20 cts and being G-H in color and VS2-SI1 in clarity The bangle has 
a total; weight of 20.5 &A. 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
$ 1160.00 
Date: April 6, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW M7 NEW YORK CITY 
TIE APPRAISED VALUE a TIIE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH COMPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASED IN A REMIL IEIVELRY STORE 
LAM/LING NIEROWIERSE Ur COMPARABLEWALKI Y 
: 
SHOULD NOT EXPECT TORE ABLE TO SELL ME ARTICLE FORM'S Kimura 
APPLUSFAT IX)MA FIDE OPINIONS AS TO ME VµUE OF JEWELRY HEMS VARY BY UP 1025% 
. MISCOMPANY EKES MM PROMISE TO REPURCHASE TIE ARTICLE FROM YOU Al MG APPRAISED VALDE QR AT ANY ENACTION OE TM APPRAISED VALI.: 
JOBS 
DATED 
BY 
NEW YORK LicmdedAppraiser 
EFTA01188175

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188176.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1926 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK. NEW YORK 1002 
PHON 
FAX:
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 14Kt yellow gold vintage charm bracelet with 19 charms.
The bracelet has a total weight of 74.2 AN.. The charms are an 
Arch de 7nomph. a calender(sept. 59), a chinese junk. a golf charm. A swiss flag. an oil derrick, 
a San Francisco cable car, a Lamp post(Burbon St. & Conti St.). a golfer charm, a statue of David, 
A date to remember charm. A golfer charm, a dome shaped bell, a golf charm, a working slot machine 
charm. a Madison High class of '41 charm. a chinese arch, a golf charm and a United States Capitol 
Buildng charm 
Appraisal No: 'MI 
Total Fair market value 
$ 3000.00 
Date: April 4, 2011 
sinI-EMI:NT REQUIRED LW CONSUMER PROTECEION LAW #7 NEW YORK CFI Y 
. • II IL AppRMSED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH COKIPARABLE MERCHANDISE COULD BE KIKENASEI) IN ARETAIL JEWELRY STORE 
ilAMAJNE siLSOIANDERE or COMPARAJSa QUALRY 
SHOUW NOT EXPECT TO SE AWE TO SELL THE ARTICLE PM THIS AMOUNT 
.1. Awl-USERS-Ma RIX OPINIONS AS TO DIE VALUE OF JEWELRY REIN WRY BY L1.1011% 
4. IRIS COWAN Y COES Nur PROMISE TO iissisicassr hi( ARTICLE FROM YOU Al' ME APR/AIRED vMAJa CeNTANY FRACTIONOE TIN APPRAISIO vALL 
By
f
JOB S 
DATED 
--T
r
" 
NEW YORK LlbenredAppraiser 
EFTA01188176

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188177.pdf
----------------------------------------
Murreys 
FAIRLY JEWELERS SINCE 1936 
Joe 
DATED 
1395 NIRO AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1002 
PHONE 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Mrs. Peggy Siegal 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A lades 18Kt yellow gold and diamond bendier link bangle bracelet 
containing a total of 24, burnish set. round brilliant cut diamonds 
that have an approximate total weght 9.94 cts and being G-H in color. and VS1A/S2 in clarity The 
bracelet aeighS 44.3 dwl 
Appraisal No: 
Total Fair market value 
S 
2000.00 
Date: March 29, 2011 
sTATEm ENT REQUIRED BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW n NEW YORK CITY 
JILL MilLusED VALUE IS TEE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT 'MW COMPARABLE MEROIANIRSE OWED BE PURDIASED MARCUM JEWELRY STORE 
iinsuCINO mlatCRANOISE OF coLWARPLIKE QUALITY 
YOU SHOLKONOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO SELL THE ARTICIE FOR nes AMOUNT 
Arnuasuo. BONA RUE OPINIONS AS TO TIE YAWL Of JEWELRY I (Da VARY BY urns zsn 
IRIS COMPANY DOES NOT PROMISE TO REPURCHASETHE ARTICLE MOM YOU AT THE APPIIRJEDIWC51.0. AT MY FRACHON OF DS AMUSED RADA 
BY 
NEN YORK licteZ:pprelter 
•
•
-
•
•
EFTA01188177

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188178.pdf
----------------------------------------
M urreys 
FAMILY JEWELERS SINCE 1956 
1395 THIRD AVENUE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 1002 
MOREAU. 
FAX: 
JEWELRY APPRAISAL 
Appraisal No: 
Fair market value 
Estate 
A ladies 18Kt yellow gold and diamond necklace containing 57. 
pave set, round brilliant cut diamonds that have an approximate 
total weight of 2.85 cts. and are G-H in color and VS1-VS2 in clarity. The necklace weighs 37.7 dwt.
Total Fair market value 
$ 2300.00 
Date: April 5, 2011 
STATEMENT REQUIEM BY CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW 07 NEW YORK MY 
111E AniuuSED VALUE IS THE APPROXIMATE PRICE AT WHICH COMPARAIRE MERCHANDISE COULD BE PURCHASE)) IN A RETAL JEWELRY STORE 
'ABOUND %MECHANISM Of COmpAKAULE QUALITY 
YOU SHOULD NOT EXPECT TO BE NEREID SELL THE ARTICLE Me THIS AmOUNI 
• Awmi SUS' WE* 11 DE OPIniONs AS TO lilt VALUE OE JEWELRY MIDAS VARY BY VP TO 25% 
• s, [HIS COMPAN y DOES NOT PRONISE TO RIAJECKAsE 
ARnas FEW Tot) AT EMI APpitAisED YAWN PLAT Asy ram:lam O"Hs APPRAISED VALUE 
JOBS 
DATED 
BY
—est 
NEW YORK Licemril Appraiser 
EFTA01188178

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188179.pdf
----------------------------------------
k 
EFTA01188179

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188180.pdf
----------------------------------------
FE. .9. 2 "S' 
1 117S1 
In 
3814 CROWN BAY f8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (3401 778.8800 
FAX: (340) 774-3170 
www.malvhoom 
SOLO TO 
LSJ, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUANT8S, 83
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
FORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775.1655 
FAX (340) 775.3309 
www.Interiorsvl.com 
SHIP TO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-2134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
AC:Gaunt.
< 
, . , 
•. . ' : °Vara i' -
.. 
.
. •;;# . ii ':••7- 1 iiiiiit;
;:
: 
. . . 
--.... 
__ ... 
::tp.kTEINTERISS.;• ; 
' ''SISIiiN•: r EXPIRAliON RATE 
712100 
50018064 
NET. 10Th POLLONIN 
02/19/13 
PJP 
03/06/13 
oRDEREG - • • 
. 
.„ 
-. 
PRICE 
. 
AMOUNT 
EA 
EA 
BA 
8H).,4X8 
•489614RWLy• 
:.LN9 
- 5F..YOU 
EA 
EA 
***4 QUOTE 
I i...,
6. X6'.X20'4 1 & BTR 40PCS/BoL 
TRD 0.14 GC UCA-C 
6X6X20T 
LN4 : 5 
CUT IN HALVES 
PCS 10' LONG 
CUTTING CHARGE 
CUTTING 
LN4 : 7 
3X6X16 41 & BTR 845 64PCS/BDL 
TRD 0.14 GC CCA-C 
3X6X16T 
, .... , .. 
RAMOO :Mil; VINYL BATTIOS 
'. :- 
r;20 .
..- 
..- 
RBQUIRE 32•DEEBTS OF ': 
.4 .. 
LATTICE AND ONCE WE HILL HAVE TO 
ORDER THIS QUANTITY POR YOU. 
THEREFORE WE HILL NEED ADVANCE 
NOTICE IN ORDER TO HAVE THEM 
AVAILABLE WHEN NEEDED. 
ABUSE STANDOFF POST BASE 
ADJUSTABLE 
ABUBB 
INW : 30 
SIMPSON S/B6X76 XZEG3 ANCHOR 
8/S 
5/8X7SSWA 
LN4 : 40 
106.790 
0.500 
41.190 
36.990 
114.290 
9.040 
I
854.22 
5.00 
1153.32 
1183.68 
1828.64 
795.52 
February 19, 2013 09:22:14 OT:PJP 
M680142AOME 
• QUOTE • 
. 
ITHPYA 
OTHBR 
RR= 1 OF 2 
10 
FREIGHT 
TOTAL 
EFTA01188180
--- PAGE 2 ---
9. 2 
9:29Svil 
VS: 
I;1 
1 MS1 
et
Pia 0401 
P. 2 
3R14 CROWN BAY #8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 776.8800 
FAX: (340) 7744170 
www.mosivi.com 
SOLD TO 
1.53, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
PORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775-1655 
FAX (340) 776.3309 
vnvw.Intetionvi.cum 
SHMTO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-8134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIll 
, . 
ACCOUNTS.
• autiteir••• 
 *. itglimetii ;....• 
"., ..oiritsiirt:iso:•• .. :- • iismN . 
POIRATION OATS. 
712100 
50019064 
I NEC 107.H FOLLOWIN 
02%19/13 
2:11
03%00/13 
oaoriteo - 
• 
"F. qtr.scarK44- • 
FAM E 
. . AMOUNT 
: 
: 
LONGEST WE CARRY IN STOCK. IF. 
TH78 IS NOT LONG ENOUGH, THEN WE
CAR SPECIAL ORDER TEE LEHOHT THAT 
IS REQUIRED. 
t 
•••• 
•.. 
: 
.-•.••• 
.. 
it/ 
r
7.: i 
,, 
1: -
E. -- 2  
•t.e:,...... 
ft\ -1 ! 
.14 
4:::5... 
.:: 
February 19, 2013 09,22:14 OT:PJP 
MERCHANDISE 
5820.4A 
!Ultra 
OTHER 
0.00 
* QUOTE
EASE 2 OF 2 
10 
i 
0.00
FREIGHT 
0.00_1 
TOTAL 
5520.48 
EFTA01188181

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188182.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
roctitt
' 
EFTA01188182

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188183.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188183

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188184.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188184

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 21:07:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
EFTA01188185
--- PAGE 2 ---
MIMIIMMENENNE-_ 
a 
EFTA01188186
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188187

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188188.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Sarah K <sarahk525®me.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 21:27:30 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Le, Feb 19, 2013 at 4:23 PM 
Subject: 
To: 
Cc: 
Lynn f <jgjo_lyn213®yahoo.com> 
Hi 
found this note on top of table in first guest room. 
Also received from NY 11 pcs white napkins, 12 placemats, 5pcs napkins(pique denim),4 pique green& wht) last 
Feb 16, Sat. 
Thank you. 
EFTA01188188

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188189.pdf
----------------------------------------
3Pcrer y, 
Cm C C 
\I dfd 
c-Lr 
0-h n)
)5 *%.7 q+ yo\ir house.
you 
0\ti asmocto)
ckya 
<DQ4 
pccd tver I - 104 sc 
yoki41 Pun. 
acot.SRI 
EFTA01188189

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188190.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Todd Meister
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: 
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2013 21:44:36 +0000 
Attachments: Boothbay_Multi_Strategy_Fund_LP_0219_VRD.pptx 
Our first meeting tomorrow is with An Glass. He is a friend of Izzy Englander and runs a multistrategy fund that takes the 
same approach as Millenium. 
Izzy offred Ari a portfolio manager position on a large portfolio but Ari wants to be independent. He would like to work on 
this project with us should 
We move forward. He will introduce to you his in depth views on the model and how it works and then the managers will 
present. I have attached his 
Brochure as a reference. 
From: Art Glass (mallto: 
Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2013 4:36 PM 
To: Todd Meister 
Cc: Jeff Roy ( 
Subject: 
Todd, 
Materials on Boothbay, updated as requested. 
Ari 
The information contained in this e-mail and any attachments may be legally privileged, proprietary and/or 
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, copying, disclosure or 
distribution of all or any portion of this e-mail and any attachments is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender, permanently delete the e-mail and any attachments, and destroy all hard 
copies immediately. This communication should not be regarded as an offer, solicitation or recommendation to 
sell or purchase any security or other financial product. Boothbay and its related entities reserve the right to 
monitor and/or save all e-mail communications through their networks. 
EFTA01188190

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188191.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
aryna Shuliak 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 18:35:31 +0000 
lane-Images: photo.PNG 
This was next to me on my flight Cape Town to London 
EFTA01188191
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188192
--- PAGE 3 ---
••••• AT&T 4G 
1:14 PM 
42% 
FT] 
H 
images.search.yahoo.com 
Steve Walsh rugby referee 2012 
www.planetrugby.com 
Sent front my iPhom. 
EFTA01188193
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01188194

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188195.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2013 22:13:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
This one is for you. Just flying over. What's the address of you old home? 
Sent from my iPhone
EFTA01188195

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188196.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188196

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188197.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2013 02:13:53 +0000 
Attachments: Screen Shot 2013-02-06_at_9.07.14_PM.png 
Have you heard of BlackJet7 Private jets sold per seat... (NY-FL for $1830). (Signup code:LSNEWSVIP) 
That's what I'd like to start. I think there is a whole market for people who want the prestige of private travel but could only 
afford it at these prices.. 
EFTA01188197

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188198.pdf
----------------------------------------
Blackiet: 
HOME 
WELCOME 
SERVICE 
TEAM 
BOOK 
MEMBERSHIP 
Select Your Destination 
SF 
NY 
LA 
LV 
CHI 
DC 
BCY 
DAL SEA 
Tip Pick yaw origin again to clear 
( 
February 2013
) 
Time 
ANYTIME 
AM 
PM 
From 
New York (NY) 
No. Seats: 
To: 
South Florida (FL) 
Departure Date 
February 16, 2013 
Request Ir
7onir 
Total Price $1831.40 
Price includes 75X Federal Etc-6e Tax. and 8390/seat 
Government segment Fee 
Reset 
EFTA01188198

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 18:45:55 +0000 
Inline-Images: Nurek_ljpg; Nurek_2jpg 
Forwarded message  
From:
Date: Wed, Mar 5, 2014 at 2:43 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
EFTA01188199
--- PAGE 2 ---
CMAS 
:tmnsewnweb nenthva• des .[Ades 54609.10.05 
nnekl u•dennIM ArdinMen 
BREVET INTERNATIONAL 
Nt.rn 
Hier* 
P0L0GNE/POLAND 
P0L 
F00 P1 
001437 
EFTA01188200
--- PAGE 3 ---
IIC 0 F" vg 
PLETVVONURE4K 
EFTA01188201
--- PAGE 4 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188202

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188203.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: FW: 
Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2013 08:00:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.gif 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Wednesday, March 17, 2010 
Subject: Re: FW: 
To: Jennie Saunders < 
> 
ask the boys whether or not bill siegal or lany moens are still part of the co. 
On Wed, Mar 17, 2010 at 5:33 PM, Jennie Saunders < 
wrote: 
CORE: Jennie Saunders Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 
Mobile: 
I 
I www.coreaccess.net 
Mp
g Cultural Spotlight 
Monday, March 15th - two fantastic art events! 
6:30pm: ART 21 conversation with artist Carrie Mae Weems & actor/comedian David Alan Grier 
Spaces are limited. Please call 
or reservations@coreaccess.net 
From: Dean Rotchin [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2010 4:30 PM 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: For J E 
Jennie: 
Please forward — thx Dean 
; 'Joe Grimes' 
Jeffrey: 
EFTA01188203
--- PAGE 2 ---
Attached you will find: 
Earthjet (Doc 1) 
PPM used for initial capital 
BusinessJetSEATS (Doc 2,3,4) 
PPM for equity investments 
Bizjet Holdings LOC docs 
Offer letter to BJSI shareholders 
Greenjets (Doc 5,6,7) 
PPM for initial equity 
Haysjet Loan Agreement 
Haysjet Loam Modification Agreement 
Cap Table (Doc 8) 
Background: 
Earthjet was founded in 2005 as an air taxi franchise business. Alfred Rapetti offered in 2007 to leverage 
Earthjet's technology and seat model etc, and raise $1M into a new company majority owned by Earthjet 
called BusinessJetSEATS (BJSI). 
Rapetti could not complete the financing, we took over the effort and completed a deal with BizJetHoldings to 
add $300,000. BizjetHoldngs stopped short of completely funding as one partner fell victim to the recession. 
Management supported the company 100%, and eventually settled with the BJSI lenders/shareholders and 
reorganized under Greenjets - brought new equity and the Haysjet's financing. To be clear, the Haysjet Loan is 
a line of credit which has a limit of $600k, and a current balance of $560k. If the outstanding balance reaches 
$600k, they can at their option convert to equity. We have no intention of borrowing additional funds under the 
LOC. 
We have executed copies of the attached documents at our office. 
Regards, 
Dean 
EFTA01188204
--- PAGE 3 ---
Dean Rotchin, President 
Oreenjets 
1675 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
Suite 1 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
www.flygreenjets.com 
Telephone: 
Toll Free: 
Facsimile: 
"Private Jet Service at the Lowest Possible Cost to You and the Environment" 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01188205
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188206

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188207.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2013 08:23:29 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg 
Oh my god, I'm reading your emails and flossing in front of a computer and a chunk of my two front teeth just fell ouL.. 
From: Jeffre E stein <' evacation@gmaitcom> 
To: 
Sent: Thursday, February 7, 2013 3:12 AM 
Subject: Re: 
All the name changes earth jet, biz seats, green jet, black jet, represent failures. 
On Thursday, February 7, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
No one cares about the weirdo, The planes are rarely full I believe that somewhere in my files are two or 
three propososals for similar and operating and all failed . In return for something new , I will gladly look for 
them . 
On Wednesday, February 6, 2013, 
wrote: 
I know but I think they missed a part - eliminating the "sitting next to a weirdo" worry. It should be an exclusive 
membership, including access to other passenger's profiles and a an option to confidentially approve or decline 
traveling with them.. 
Why do you think they failed? 
Does not work , long history of attempts 
On Wednesday, February 6, 2013, 
wrote: 
Have you heard of BlackJet? Private jets sold per seat... (NY-FL for $1830). (Signup code:LSNEWSVIP) 
That's what I'd like to start. I think there is a whole market for people who want the prestige of private travel but could 
only afford it at these prices.. 
*************************** 
**************** 
**************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188207
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188208

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188209.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188209

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188210.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Terry Kafka" <ffieel
> 
To: "Philip Kafka" la, 
"Jeffery Edwards" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: <
11.1111.tael 
S. Buchholtz" ale~>, 
"Mark L. 
Epstein" 
Subject: FW: 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 18:52:24 +0000 
Attachments: imagejpeg_Ojpg 
From: 2149126054@mms.att.net [mailto:2149126054@mms.att.net] 
Sent: Wednesda March 05 2014 12:50 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
EFTA01188210

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188211.pdf
----------------------------------------
... 
V 
al
EFTA01188211

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188212.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2013 16:22:45 +0000 
Attachments: 2-6-13 Revisions_ to_ Estate_Planning_Services Letter (clean).doc 
please give to leon 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188212

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188213.pdf
----------------------------------------
2-6-13 REVISIONS TO PWRW&G LLP DRAFT OF 2/5/13 
February 
2013 
Jeffrey Epstein, President 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Re: 
Estate Planning Service Letter 
Dear Jeffrey: 
You, on behalf of Southern Trust Company, Inc., a Virgin Islands corporation ("STC"), 
have been collaborating with the undersigned, Leon Black ("Mr. Black"), regarding 
estate planning matters in respect of Mr. Black's assets and estate (the "Estate 
Planning"). The purpose of this letter agreement (this "Agreement") is to set forth the 
terms upon which you, on behalf of STC, will continue to provide and implement 
services in connection with the Estate Planning to and for the benefit of Mr. Black. The 
Services you provide to Mr. Black may also relate to his wife, Mrs. Debra Black, and 
their children, as well as the respective heirs, issue, personal representatives, and 
affiliated trusts, partnerships, limited partnerships, and limited liability companies of, and 
any other entities affiliated with, any of Mr. Black, Mrs. Black or any of their children 
(collectively, "Affiliates"). 
1. 
Services to be Provided. STC shall provide to Mr. Black services 
deemed appropriate by you and Mr. Black in connection with the Estate Planning (the 
"Services").
2. 
Fees. In consideration for providing the Services, Mr. Black shall 
pay to STC a total of twenty-three million five hundred thousand dollars ($23,500,000), 
due payable as follows: (i) fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000) shall be due and payable 
on February 11, 2013, and (ii) eight million five hundred thousand dollars ($8,500,000) 
shall be due and payable on October 15, 2013; provided, however, that Mr. Black shall be 
obligated to make the payments described in clauses (i) and (ii) only if after consulting 
with his legal and other advisors, Mr. Black, in his sole discretion, is satisfied with the 
efficacy of the Estate Planning. All payments shall be made by wire transfer to STC's 
account in accordance with wire transfer instructions provided by you to Mr. Black. 
3. 
Confidentiality. You and STC agree that any and all information 
obtained in performing the Services will be held in strictest confidence and will not be 
used by you or STC or disclosed to any person, except in the course of performing the 
Services in furtherance of the Estate Planning. 
EFTA01188213
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. 
Disclaimer of Representations Warranties and Guarantees. Mr. 
Black, for and on behalf of himself, and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, hereby 
acknowledges and agrees as follows: 
(a) 
Neither you nor STC (for purposes of this Section 4 and Sections 5 
and 6 hereof, the terms "you" and "STC" being deemed to include all employees, 
representatives, agents, and entities affiliated with you and/or STC) has any authority to, 
nor shall you or STC, bind Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates, in contract or otherwise, or 
make any decisions or take any actions whatsoever on behalf of Mr. Black or any of his 
Affiliates under this Agreement, and neither you nor STC is serving in any fiduciary 
capacity whatsoever to, for or on behalf of Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates. 
(b) 
The use of any and all information and materials obtained in 
connection with the Services is at the sole risk of Mr. Black and his Affiliates, and each 
of Mr. Black and each of his Affiliates assumes the full risk and responsibility for any 
and all actions and decisions taken, or omitted to be taken, by or on behalf of Mr. Black 
or such Affiliates in connection with the Services and any and all information and 
materials obtained in connection with the Services. 
(c) 
The Services are provided without warranty of any kind, and each 
of you and STC hereby expressly disclaim all representations, warranties, and guarantees 
with respect to the Services and all information and materials provided by you and STC 
in connection therewith, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not 
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for 
a particular purpose and of accuracy. 
(d) 
Neither you nor STC will under any circumstances be liable to Mr. 
Black or any of his Affiliates for any loss that Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates may 
incur as a result of any decisions or actions taken, or omitted to be taken, in connection 
with the Services and any and all information or materials obtained in connection with 
the Services. 
(e) 
In no event shall you or STC be liable for any injury, or any 
incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, arising out of or 
related to the Services or the use or failure to use any information or materials provided 
in connection with the Services, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability 
(contract, tort or otherwise), and even if you or STC has been advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
5. 
Indemnification. (a) Mr. Black agrees to indemnify you and STC 
and hold you and STC harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, 
damages, costs, fees and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' 
fees and disbursements, but excluding the ordinary business and operating expenses 
incurred by STC in performing the Services) arising out of, or relating to, or connected 
with the Services (except for any claim, liability, loss, damage, cost, fee or expense 
arising out of, or resulting from, any action or failure to act by you or STC that 
constitutes fraud, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of you or STC). 
EFTA01188214
--- PAGE 3 ---
(a) 
You and/or STC, as the case may be, shall advise Mr. Black of any 
such claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, fees or expenses promptly after receipt of 
notice thereof, specifying, to the extent known, the facts constituting the basis therefor 
and the amount asserted to be owed with respect to the same; provided, however, that 
your right to indemnification hereunder shall not be limited by your failure to promptly 
advise Mr. Black of any such liability or claim, except to the extent that Mr. Black is 
materially prejudiced by such failure. 
(b) 
The coverage of the indemnification and hold harmless provided 
for in this Section 5 includes, without limitation, claims, liabilities, losses, damages, fees, 
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements) in 
connection with claims, causes of action or liabilities asserted against you and/or STC by 
any of Mr. Black and/or any of his Affiliates arising out of, relating to, or connected with, 
the Services. The indemnification provided in this Section 5 shall survive the death, 
disability or incompetency of Mr. Black and shall be binding upon his estate and his 
personal representatives. Mr. Black's indemnification obligations under this Section 5 
shall constitute a contingent obligation of Mr. Black's estate for the satisfaction of which 
adequate provision shall be made in Mr. Black's will, trusts and other Estate Planning 
documents until such time as all applicable Statutes of Limitation with respect to the 
Services have run. In addition, Mr. Black shall include in all applicable wills, trusts and 
other Estate Planning documents a provision that requires any and all of his Affiliates that 
are beneficiaries thereunder, prior to receiving any payments thereunder, to execute a 
written instrument to release and hold harmless you and STC from and against any and 
all claims, causes of action, liabilities, losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses arising 
out of, relating to, or connected with, the Services, and that subjects such payments under 
such wills, trusts and other Estate Planning documents to forfeiture and repayment in the 
event that such Affiliates attempt to assert any released claims against you and/or STC. 
(c) 
Mr Black may, at his option, assume and take over the control of 
the defense and settlement of any such liability or claim, at his sole cost and expense with 
counsel of his choice (subject to any reasonable objections to such choice of counsel 
asserted by you and STC); provided, that Mr. Black shall not be entitled to assume or 
control the defense of a liability or claim if the interests of you and/or STC, on the one 
hand, and of Mr. Black or any of his Affiliates, on the other hand, with respect to such 
liability or claim are in conflict with one another and, as a result, one firm or attorney 
could not represent both your interests and the interests of Mr. Black or such Affiliates, in 
connection with such claim. If Mr. Black assumes the defense of such liability or claim, 
you and STC may participate in the settlement or defense thereof, at your sole expense 
through counsel chosen by you, and, if you participate, control of the defense and 
settlement thereof shall be subject to the mutual agreement of all parties participating in 
such defense. Neither you nor STC nor Mr. Black may pay, settle or compromise any 
liability or claim for which you may claim an indemnification right hereunder without the 
prior consent of all the parties participating in the defense of such liability or claim. Each 
of you, STC and Mr. Black shall act towards each other in good faith in responding to, 
defending against, settling or otherwise dealing with any such claim or liability, and 
reasonably cooperate with each other in any such defense and give each other reasonable 
access to all information relevant thereto. 
EFTA01188215
--- PAGE 4 ---
6. 
No Investment Advice. Mr. Black, for and on behalf of himself, 
and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, acknowledges and agrees that in connection with 
the Services, neither you nor STC are acting in any way as an "investment advisor", as 
such term is defined in and interpreted in accordance with the provisions of the 
Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended, the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
and the interpretive releases issued in connection therewith, and neither you nor STC are 
holding yourself out in any way whatsoever as being engaged in any business which 
directly or indirectly provides advice, recommendations, publications, writings, reports or 
analyses regarding any matter or thing which might cause you to be deemed an 
"investment advisor" as such term is so defined. Mr. Black, for and on behalf of himself, 
and for and on behalf of his Affiliates, further acknowledges and agrees that no part of 
the Services constitutes any advice, recommendations, publications, or writings 
whatsoever regarding: (a) the value of securities or the advisability of investing in, 
purchasing, or selling securities, (b) the relative advantages or disadvantages of investing 
in securities in general as compared to other investments; (c) any other matters relating to 
any specific securities or securities in general; (d) the selection of investment managers, 
or investment funds or entities; or (e) the allocation of certain percentages of assets to 
specific classes of securities, investment funds, or investment managers; or (0 any other 
activities matters similar to those set forth in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
7. 
Notices. 
All 
notices, 
requests, 
permissions 
or 
other 
communications which any party hereto may be required or desire to give to any other 
party hereto under this Agreement must be in writing and sent by (a) first class U.S. 
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, (b) telecopy, 
facsimile or email (with a copy sent by first class U.S. certified or registered mail, return 
receipt requested, with postage prepaid), or (c) express mail or courier (for either same 
day or next Business Day delivery). A notice or other communication sent in compliance 
with the provisions of this Section 7 shall be deemed given and received on (x) the third 
(3rd) Business Day following the date it is deposited in the U.S. mail, (y) the date of 
confirmed dispatch if sent by facsimile, telecopy or email (provided that a copy thereof is 
sent by mail the same day in the manner provided in clause (b) above), or (z) the date it is 
delivered to the other party's address if sent by express mail or courier. 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to you and STC shall be 
addressed to: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas, USVI 00802 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: 
Mr. Jeffrey E. Epstein, President 
EFTA01188216
--- PAGE 5 ---
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Seller): 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
All notices, requests, permissions and other communications to Mr. Black shall be 
addressed to: 
Apollo Management 
West 57th Street, 43rd Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
Facsimile No.: 
email: 
Attention: Mr. Leon Black 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to Seller): 
Any party hereto may designate another addressee or change his, her or its address for 
notices and other communications hereunder by a notice given to the other parties hereto 
in the manner provided in this Section 7. 
8. 
Miscellaneous. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall 
be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States 
Virgin Islands, without application of principles of law that would apply the law of 
another jurisdiction. Any dispute arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement 
shall be submitted to a confidential arbitration in New York, New York, administered by 
Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services ("JAMS"), or its successor, in accordance with 
JAMS rules and procedures then in effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any 
prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto or 
their affiliates, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may 
not be amended, waived, modified or supplemented other than in writing by all the 
parties hereto. This Agreement (including the rights and obligations hereunder) shall not 
be assignable by any party except with the prior written consent of the other parties 
hereto. 
EFTA01188217
--- PAGE 6 ---
If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign, date and return one copy of this 
Letter Agreement. 
Very Truly Yours, 
Leon Black 
Agreed to and Accepted this 
day of February 2013 : 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
By: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
[Signature Page to Estate Planning Service Letter Agreement] 
EFTA01188218

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188219.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Erika Kellerhals 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2013 16:24:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: 7B8B96A5-A17A-4855-9256-43BDEEA09109[347].png 
Better but not great...ugh.... Thank you for asking. 
I'm italian and Irish — so I worry too much.... They essentially restarted his heart so he now has a normal heart rate — but he's 
still weak and has a fever. 
I'm drafting the paperwork to revoke the trust and I'll copy you on the plan to get the assets from FTC to STC this afternoon. 
Sorry about the delay — I just jumped on a plane Saturday and went up there. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Partner 
Kellerhals Ferguson Fletcher Kroblin LLP 
9100 Port of Sale Mall 
Suite 15 
St. Thomas. U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Office: 
Fax: 
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient. or believe that you have received this 
communication in error. please do not print. copy. re-transmit. disseminate. or otherwise use this information. Also, please indicate to the sender that you have 
received this e-mail in error. and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS. we inform you that any tax advice contained in our communication (including any 
attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or mallow addressed herein. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thursday, February 7, 2013 12:19 PM 
To: Erika Kellerhals < 
Subject: <no subject> 
hows dad? 
EFTA01188219
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188220

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188221.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bar Journal Article 
2(7/13 2:12 PM 
Search 
The Florida Bar Journal 
Advertising Rates • Submission Guidelines • Archives • Subscribe • News 
The Florida Bar 
www.floridabar.org 
October, 2000 Volume LXXIV, No. 9 
Journal HOME 
Judicial Disqualification: What Every Practitioner (and Judge) Should 
Know 
by Douglas J. Glaid 
Page 28 
In the course of representing a client, something may occur or be discovered which will cause an attorney and his or her client 
to conclude that the client will be unable to receive a fair hearing or trial before the trial judge. Assuming that the judge does 
not disqualify himself or herself sua sponte, counsel may consider filing a motion to disqualify or recuse the trial judge from 
further presiding in the action. This article will explain the procedure counsel must follow when filing such a disqualification 
motion, review the requirements imposed upon trial judges when determining disqualification motions, and examine the case 
law addressing the legal sufficiency of disqualification motions. Additionally, the procedure and law applicable to 
disqualification of trial judges in federal cases will be briefly discussed. 
Procedure Under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.160 
The procedure for filing disqualification motions for civil and criminal cases is set out in rule 2.160 of the Florida Rules of 
Judicial Administration. Counsel should also be mindful of the fact that a statute relating to judicial disqualification exists, F.S. 
§38.10,1 the requirements of which are consistent with rule 2.160 and should be satisfied by counsel. Additionally, Fla. Code 
Jud. Conduct Canon 3E(1) sets forth a nonexclusive list of instances in which a judge must disqualify himself or herself from a 
case in which the judge's Impartiality might reasonably be questioned." 
A motion to disqualify must be in writing and 'specifically allege the facts and reasons" relied on to show the basis for 
disqualification. See Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.160(c). The motion must be sworn to by the "party' by signing the motion under 
oath or by a separate affidavit. Id. Counsel for the party seeking disqualification must also separately certify that the motion 
and his or her client's statements contained therein are made in good faith. Id. 
Rule 2.160(d) sets forth the following bases for a disqualification motion, at least one of which must be shown in the motion: 
1. that the party fears that he or she will not receive a fair trial or hearing because of specifically described prejudice or bias of 
the judge; 
2. that the judge before whom the case is pending, or some person related to said judge by consanguinity or affinity within the 
third degree, is a party thereto or is interested in the result thereof; 
3. that the judge is related to an attorney or counselor of record in the cause by consanguinity or affinity within the third 
degree; or 
4. that the judge is a material witness for or against one of the parties to the cause. 
http: /www.floridabar.org/divcomtirdinjournal01.nsf(Author/E76978ASAMSA20585256AD800SD631E 
Page 1 of 7 
EFTA01188221
--- PAGE 2 ---
Bar Journal Article 
2/7/13 2:12 PM 
An important requirement contained in rule 2.160(e) is that a disqualification motion must be made within 10 days after the 
"discovery of the facts constituting the grounds" for the motion. Additionally, the motion must be "promptly presented" to the 
trial court for 'immediate ruling." Id. 
If the facts forming the basis for the disqualification motion are discovered during trial, the motion nevertheless must be in 
writing in accordance with rule 2.160(c). Such motions made at trial must be determined "immediately." See Fla. R. Jud. 
Admin. 2.160(e). Regardless of when the motion was made, it has been held that once a judge has signed an order of 
disqualification, the judge may not reconsider his or her decision and reinstate himself or herself in the proceedings.2
The failure to comply with the procedural requirements contained in rule 2.160 justifies the denial of the disqualification 
motion. For instance, the denial of disqualification motions has been upheld as proper when a party untimely files the motion ,3
when the motion fails to specifically describe any prejudice or bias on the part of the trial judge,4 when the motion omits the 
certification of good faith by counsel ,9 and when a party fails to sign a motion to disqualify the judge.6
Initial and Successive Disqualification Motions 
If an initial disqualification motion alleges a fear of prejudice or bias under rule 2.160(dX1), the trial judge is required to 
determine only the 'legal sufficiency" of the motion and is prohibited from passing on the truth of the facts averred. See Fla. R. 
Jud. Admin. 2.160(0. Indeed, the only reason a judge can properly give for denying a disqualification motion other than a 
procedural deficiency is that the motion is "legally insufficient." Id. In the event a trial judge expresses another reason for 
denying the motion or "takes issue" with the motion either personally or through counsel, the judge is required to disqualify 
himself regardless of the insufficiency of the motion? As observed by the Supreme Court in Bundy v. Rudd, 366 So. 2d 440, 
442 (Fla. 1978), the purpose of this prohibition is to prevent the creation of an "intolerable adversary atmosphere" between 
the trial judge and the litigant. Some appellate courts have broadly interpreted the phrase "passing on the truth of the facts" so 
as to strictly enforce the prohibition against disputing the facts alleged in the motion. For example, in Rowe-Linn v. Berman, 
601 So. 2d 618 (Fla. 4th DCA 1992), the Fourth District held that since it "feared" that the trial judge "stepped over the line" by 
attempting to justify the denial of a disqualification motion on grounds other than legal sufficiency, disqualification was 
required .9 This was so even though the appellate court felt that the disqualification motion was legally insufficient. Id. at 619. 
On the other hand, it has been held that if the trial judge merely explains the status of the record when determining the 
disqualification motion, the judge has not contested the allegations contained in the motion and disqualification is not 
required.9 Similarly, when a judge did not deny making the remarks which formed the basis for a recusal motion, but rather 
merely stated that he was quoted out of context, the appellate court upheld the judge's denial of the motion.10
Section (g) of rule 2.160 deals with the filing of successive disqualification motions so as to prevent the possibility of an abuse 
of the disqualification rule, such as "judge-shopping." The rule provides that if an initial judge has been disqualified on the 
ground of alleged prejudice or partiality, the successor judge cannot be disqualified on a successive motion by the same party 
"unless the successor judge rules that he or she is in fact not fair or impartial in the case." Unlike the first judge, the successor 
judge is permitted to pass on the truth of the facts alleged in support of the successive motion. Additionally, under rule 
2.160(h) a successor judge may reconsider, vacate, or amend any prior legal or factual rulings of a disqualified judge. This is 
accomplished by the filing of a motion for reconsideration within 20 days of the order of disqualification. Id. The 20-day period 
for filing a motion for reconsideration may be extended upon a showing of good cause for a delay in moving for 
reconsideration or where other grounds for reconsideration exist. Id. 
What Are "Legally Sufficient" Motions? 
Even assuming that a disqualification motion meets the procedural requirements set forth in Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.160 and 
F.S. §38.10, it nevertheless must be denied if not "legally sufficient?" Conversely, if the motion is legally sufficient, it must be 
granted immediately.12 The test for determining the legal sufficiency of a motion for disqualification is an objective one which 
asks whether the facts alleged in the motion would place a reasonably prudent person in fear of not receiving a fair and 
impartial trial.13 The disqualification motion must contain an "actual factual foundation" for the alleged fear of prejudice.74
Although the term legally sufficient" is fluid in nature, a review of the case law considering the legal sufficiency of 
disqualification motions reveals certain recurring principles that counsel should keep in mind when drafting a motion to 
http: /www.floridabar.org/divcom/johnjournal01.nsffAuthor/E76978ASAA6SA20585256ADBOOSD631E 
Page 2 of 7 
EFTA01188222
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bat Journal Article 
2/7/13 2:12 PM 
disqualify a trial judge. 
A party's complaint about the trial court's rulings as a basis for disqualification has consistently been held to be insufficient to 
require the judge's recusal.15 In this regard it is established that a judge may not be disqualified for judicial bias, but rather 
only for personal bias against a party or his or her case.18 Thus, for example, disqualification has been held to be 
inappropriate when its basis has been the trial judge's recession of previously entered orders granting the moving party 
assistance and the denial of interim attorneys' fees to the party.17 Additionally, a trial judge's innocuous inquiry during voir dire 
concerning a prospective juror's availability to serve on the venire was held not to demonstrate prejudice warranting recusal.18
In another case, a judge's statement at a bond reduction hearing that he did not care whether the defendant got out of jail or 
not was held to be legally insufficient to show that the judge was prejudiced, either against the defendant or in favor of the 
state.19 On the other hand, cases reflecting a personal bias mandating disqualification have included situations when the trial 
judge provided a cross-examination tip to the prosecutor;29 when the trial judge made comments that he would be 
uncomfortable making credibility determinations regarding certain members of one party's family, even though it did not 
appear that the outcome of the proceedings rested upon the credibility of any of the persons involved 27 when one of the 
parties or his or her counsel had dealings with a relative of the court; or when a judge told others that he would kill the 
defendant if the defendant had done to the judge's daughter what he had done to the victim.23 In short, it appears that either a 
trial judge's demonstration of ill will or, conversely, favoritism toward one of the parties to an action is needed to disqualify the 
judge. 
A related principle mitigating against disqualification is that a judge is not required to abstain from forming mental impressions 
and opinions during the course of judicial proceedings. For instance, in Mobil v. Trask, 463 So. 2d 389 (Fla. 1st DCA 1985), a 
deputy commissioner's remark to an employer/carrier's attorney at a workers' compensation hearing that 'I don't see how you 
can't find this accident compensable," which comment related directly to the merits of the petitioners case, was nonetheless 
held to be insufficient to justify the granting of a recusal motion. And, in Brown v. Pate, 577 So. 2d 645 (Fla. 1st DCA 1991), 
the First District held that in a dependency adjudication of minor children following a fathers acquittal in the prosecution for 
the mothers murder, the trial judge's expression of "grave concern" regarding the father's visitation did not serve as a basis 
for judicial disqualification. Citing the rationale of the Mobil case, the court opined that, "A judge may form mental impressions 
and opinions during the course of presentation of evidence so long as she does not prejudge the case." Pate, 577 So. 2d at 
64724 It has been said that a judge is the "sum of his past" who is expected to be influenced by real life experiences.25
As evident from the holding in Mobil, the principle allowing trial judges to express their opinions during legal proceedings is 
not without exception. Statements made by trial judges during judicial proceedings have been held to be sufficient to require 
disqualification when the remarks demonstrate that the judge has prejudged the case. For example, in Barnett v. Barnett 727 
So. 2d 311 (Fla. 2d DCA 1999), it was held that a judge should have disqualified himself in a dissolution action based on his 
comment to the wife's counsel at the dose of the evidence, but before final arguments were heard, that her dient should 
attempt to negotiate for more visitation than she would otherwise receive if the trial court made the decision, since the 
comment could reasonably be interpreted to mean that the judge had "crossed that line" from forming mental impressions to 
prejudging the issue of custody prior to the conclusion of the trial. Likewise, in Lewis v. State, 530 So. 2d 449 (Fla. 1st DCA 
1988), a criminal case, disqualification was held required when the judge stated before trial that he did not try third degree 
felony cases, that he exceeded the guidelines in the last four cases he tried, and that the defendant would get four years in 
prison if convicted.26
A trial judge's hostility toward or criticism of counsel or counsel's client has proved to be a fertile ground for litigation 
concerning judicial disqualification. As held by the Supreme Court in Ginsberg v. Holt, 86 So. 2d 650, 651 (Fla. 1956), a trial 
court's bias or prejudice against a litigant's attorney is grounds for disqualification when the prejudice "is of such degree that it 
adversely affects the client." Consequently, disqualification has been held to be appropriate in the following circumstances: 
when the judge "directs base vernacular towards an attorney ... in open court," Olszewska v. Ferro, 590 So. 2d 11 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 1991); the judge says he will "deal with" an attorney for having "gone over his head, Lamendola v. Grossman, 439 So. 
2d 960 (Fla. 3d DCA 1983); the judge states that the client's attorney "should not be in the case," Hayslip v. Douglas, 400 So. 
2d 553 (Fla. 4th DCA 1981); the judge delivers a tirade about the lawyer's opposition to the judge's appointment to other 
htt0: Jwww.0oridabar.org/divcom/jnlirtjournal0l.nsf/Author/E76978ASAA65A20585256AD8005D631E 
Page 3 of 7 
EFTA01188223
--- PAGE 4 ---
BarJournal Article 
2/7/13 2:12 PM 
judicial positions, McDermott v. Grossman, 429 So. 2d 393 (Fla. 3d DCA 1983); or when attorneys for petitioners had testified 
against the judge at impeachment proceedings brought against the judge, Brewton v. Kelly, 166 So. 2d 834 (Fla. 2d DCA 
1964).27 The fact that a trial judge has been disqualified in one case due to prejudice against an attorney will not justify the 
granting of a blanket order restraining the judge from hearing all cases involving the attomey.28
The above notwithstanding, it has been held that a judge's expression of dissatisfaction with counsel or counsel's clients 
behavior alone does not give rise to a reasonable belief that the trial judge is biased so as to warrant recusal. For example, in 
Oates v. State, 619 So. 2d 23 (Fla. 4th DCA 1993), the trial judge held an obstreperous criminal defendant in contempt. 
Based on the judge's remark to the press that the defendant was "being an obstinate jerk," the defendant unsuccessfully 
moved for the judge's disqualification. In denying the defendant's petition for a writ of prohibition, the appellate court 
concluded that the defendant could not have reasonably had a legitimate fear of not receiving a fair trial based on the judge's 
remark.29 Thus, counsel should be mindful of the fact that a judge's lone critical comment of counsel or the client, unless 
particularly egregious, will not generally suffice for disqualification purposes. 
Conversely, an attorney's or party's criticism of a trial judge, without more, has not been held to be sufficient to warrant 
disqualification. For instance, an expressed intent to appeal a judge's ruling, or to file a complaint with the Judicial 
Qualifications Commission against the judge, does not in itself constitute a legally sufficient ground for disqualification.30
The issue of judicial disqualification has occasionally arisen in the context of contempt proceedings. Consistent with the 
principle that a judge cannot be disqualified for judicial bias, the mere fact that a judge has held a party in contempt does not 
require the judge's recusal.31 This is especially true in cases of direct criminal contempt when it is necessary for immediate 
and summary action on the part of the trial judge. An exception to this rule exists, however, when the trial judge becomes 
personally involved in the conflict giving rise to the finding of contempt.32 For example, as the court explained in Bryant v. 
State, 363 So. 2d 1141, 1144 (Fla. 1st DCA 1978), in certain exceptional cases, due process may be violated if a judge tries a 
contempt committed against himself or herself or a contempt concerning disobedience to an order rendered by the judge, 
thus justifying the judge's disqualification. In Bryant, the court held that due process was denied the contemnor since the 
judge was the only witness available to prove the contempt charge, and the judge testified without being under oath and 
refused to be cross-examined. 
Judicial Disqualification in Federal Cases 
In federal cases, the law governing the disqualification of any justice, judge, or magistrate is contained in 28 U.S.C. §144, 
which requires the movant to file a timely and sufficient affidavit alleging that the judge has a "personal bias or prejudice either 
against him or in favor of any adverse party," as well as 28 U.S.C. §455, which sets forth two sections enumerating the 
grounds mandating disqualification.33 Section §455(a) requires the disqualification of a judge when the judge's "impartiality 
might reasonably be questioned? Under this section, the proper inquiry for evaluating a disqualification motion is whether "an 
objective, disinterested observer fully informed of the facts underlying the grounds on which recusal was sought would 
entertain a significant doubt that justice would be done in the case."34 Moreover, "the reasonable person is assumed to know 
all the publicly available facts bearing on the issue of recusal."38
On the other hand, §455(b) of the statute provides for disqualification if certain facts exist, such as the judge's relationship 
with the parties or a pecuniary interest in the case. Under this section, it is important to note that it is not necessary to 
demonstrate that these facts establish the judge's partiality.38
Insofar as the procedure to be utilized in drafting disqualification motions, aside from the requirements contained in 28 U.S. C. 
§144 counsel should also refer to the applicable rule of procedure—Fed. R. Crim. P. 25(a) in criminal cases and Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 63 in civil cases. Additionally, as in state cases, counsel should consult decisional law interpreting the applicable statutory 
grounds for disqualification. 
Summary 
Trial counsel should be aware of the procedural requirements of Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.160, the statutory requirements of F.S. 
http: /www.floridabar.org/divcom/jntinjournal01.nsf/Auther/E76978ASAA6SA20585256ADBOOSD631E 
Page 4 of 7 
EFTA01188224
--- PAGE 5 ---
Bar Journal Article 
2/7/13 2:12 PM 
§38.10, and the ethical requirements of Fla. Code Jud. Conduct Canon 3E(1) when drafting a motion to disqualify a trial judge 
from presiding in a state case. In federal cases, counsel should consult 28 U.S.C. §§144 and 455 as well as the applicable 
procedural rule. Counsel should also research the case law in order to be aware of grounds that have been held to be legally 
sufficient for judicial disqualification. The filing of legally sufficient" motions for disqualification in good faith will reduce the 
judicial time spent in determining such motions and ensure that cases are decided by trial judges who are fair and impartial. 
While the late Judge Letts' lament that it is loo easy to get rid of a judge nowadays, a result which engenders judicial 
impotencym may still be true, counsel's knowledge of and compliance with the requirements contained in the law governing 
judicial disqualification will invariably lead to judicial efficacy. 
I Fla. Stat. §38.10 (1999), provides: "Whenever a party to any action or proceeding makes and files an affidavit stating fear 
that he or she will not receive a fair trial in the court where the suit is pending on account of the prejudice of the judge of that 
court against the applicant or in favor of the adverse party, the judge shall proceed no further, but another judge shall be 
designated in the manner prescribed by the laws of this state for the substitution of judges for the trial of causes in which the 
prescribing judge is disqualified. Every such affidavit shall state the facts and the reasons for the belief that any such bias or 
prejudice exists and shall be accompanied by a certificate of counsel of record that such affidavit and application are made in 
good faith. However, when any party to any action has suggested the disqualification of a trial judge and an order has been 
made admitting the disqualification of such judge and another judge has assigned and transferred to act in lieu of the judge so 
held to be disqualified, the judge so assigned and transferred is not disqualified on account of alleged prejudice against the 
party making the suggestion in the first instance, or in favor of the adverse party, unless such judge admits and holds that it is 
then a fact that he or she does not stand fair and impartial between the parties. If such judge holds, rules, and adjudges that 
he or she does stand fair and impartial as between the parties and their respective interests, he or she shall cause such ruling 
to be entered on the minutes of the court and shall proceed to preside as judge in the pending cause. The ruling of such judge 
may be assigned as error and may be reviewed as are other rulings of the trial court." 
See Deberry v. Ward, 625 So. 2d 992 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1993). 
See, e.g., Willacy v. State, 696 So. 2d 693 (Fla. 1997); Carter v. Howey, 707 So. 2d 906 (Fla. 5th D.C.A. 1998); Foley v. 
Fleet, 644 So. 2d 551 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1994); but see Marcotte v. Gloekner, 679 So. 2d 1225 (Fla. 5th D.C.A. 1996); State ex 
rel. Morgan v. Baird, 660 So. 2d 328 (Fla. 2d D.C.A. 1995) (motions deemed timely filed). 
See, e.g., Davis v. Bat Management Foundation, Inc., 723 So. 2d 349 (Fla. 5th D.CA. 1998). 
See Berkowitz v. Rieser, 625 So. 2d 971 (Fla. 2d D.C.A. 1993). 
See, e.g., Gaines v. State, 722 So. 2d 256 (Ha. 5th D.CA. 1998). 
See Fabber v. Wessel, 604 So. 2d 533, 534 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1992) (written response to litigant's petition for writ of 
prohibition filed by assistant attorney general on behalf of the judge had effect of creating an intolerable adversary 
atmosphere between the judge and the movant so as to require the granting of the writ); accord Ellis v. Henning, 678 So. 2d 
825, 827 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1996). 
a See also Gieske v. Moriarty, 471 So. 2d 80, 81 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1985) (where trial judge "undertook to controvert each of the 
asserted grounds for reamer and thereby 'assumed the posture of an adversary'). 
Barwick v. State, 660 So. 2d 685, 693-694 (Fla. 1995); Kowalski v. Boyles, 557 So. 2d 885, 887 (Fla. 5th D.C.A. 1990) 
(statement by judge during hearing on motion for disqualification of judge merely stating the status of the record and not 
attempting to refute the charges of partiality, did not require disqualification of the judge); Sanders v. Yawn, 519 So. 2d 28, 29 
(Fla. 1st D.C.A. 1987). 
Nessette v. Kaplan, 557 So. 2d 919, 921 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1990). 
See Gieske v. Grossman, 418 So. 2d 1055, 1057 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1982) (*The term 'legal sufficiency' encompasses more 
than mere technical compliance with the rule and statute. ..."). Although not strictly within the purview of this article, it is 
noted that a petition for writ of prohibition is the appropriate procedural vehicle to test the validity of the denial of a 
disqualification motion filed pursuant to rule. See Hayslip v. Douglas, 400 So. 2d 553 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1981), and cases cited 
therein. 
Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.160(f); Livingston v. State, 441 So. 2d 1083 (Fla. 1983). 
See Livingston, 441 So. 2d at 1087; Fischer v. Knuck, 497 So. 2d 240, 242 (Fla. 1986); MacKenzie v. Super Kids Bargain 
Store, Inc., 565 So. 2d 1332, 1335 (Fla. 1990). 
http: /www.floridabar.org/divcom/jnijnjournal01.nsffAuthor/E76978ASAA6SA20585256ADBOOSD631E 
Page 5 of 7 
EFTA01188225
--- PAGE 6 ---
Bar Journal Article 
2/7/13 2:12 PM 
Fisher, 497 So. 2d at 242. 
See Barwick, 660 So. 2d at 692, and cases cited therein. 
See United States v. Archbold-Newball, 554 F.2d 665, 682 (5th Cir. 1977); Wiley v. Wainwright, 793 F.2d 1190, 1193 (11th 
Cir. 1986) (bias or prejudice sufficient to disqualify a judge must stem from extrajudicial sources). 
Barwick, 660 So. 2d at 692. 
Williams v. State, 689 So. 2d 393, 395 (Fla. 3d D.C.A. 1997). 
Nassetta, 557 So. 2d at 920. 
Chastine v. Broome, 629 So. 2d 293 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1993). 
See Smith v. Santa Rosa Island Authority, 729 So. 2d 944 (Fla. 1st D.C.A. 1998). 
See Lytle v. Rosado, 711 So. 2d 213 (Fla. 3d D.C.A. 1998), and cases cited therein; accord McQueen v. Roye, 25 Fla. L. 
Weekly D1415] (recusal required when movant's counsel had provided legal services and advice to the trial judge's brother) . 
See Fogelman v. State, 648 So. 2d 214 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1994). 
See also Nateman v. Greenbaum, 582 So. 2d 643, 644 (Fla. 3d D.C.A. 1991) (while a trial court's expression of disbelief in 
a witness' testimony may reflect negatively on the judge's temperament, it is ordinarily no basis for disqualification); Moser v. 
Coleman, 460 So. 2d 385 (Fla. 5th D.C.A. 1984) (fact that the judge had heard at least some of the evidence and had an 
attitude regarding the guilt of probationer, as expressed by the judge at the probation revocation hearing, did not disqualify 
him from proceeding further in the case, since nothing in the record showed any bias, prejudice, or ill will on the part of the 
judge, and he was merely exercising his control over the probationer at the hearing). 
See Nateman, 582 So. 2d at 644, quoting In m Inquiry Concerning a Judge, 357 So. 2d 172, 178 (Fla. 1978). 
See also Dempsey v. State, 415 So. 2d 1351 (Fla. 1st D.C.A. 1982); State v. Steele, 348 So. 2d 398 (Fla. 3d D.C.A. 1977). 
Compare Cherradi v. Andrews, 669 So. 2d 326 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1996) (judges are not required to disqualify themselves 
solely upon an allegation that attorney for a party made campaign contribution to the judge's political campaign). 
See Livingston v. State, 441 So. 2d 1083 (Fla. 1983). 
See also Nassetta v. Kaplan, 557 So. 2d 919, 921 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1990); Ellis v. Henning, 678 So. 2d 825 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 
1996) (sworn allegations contained in motions to disqualify the trial judge that the judge treated plaintiffs' counsel with disdain 
and hostility did not set forth a legally sufficient ground for recusal, where there was no transcript of the hearing or sworn 
factual allegations conceming the context in which the alleged comments arose). 
3° See Cherradi v. Andrews, 669 So. 2d 326 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1996); but see Wicklund v. Schott, 25 Fla. L. Weekly D955 
(allegations that judge and movant's attorney had opposed each other in cases before judge was appointed to the bench, that 
judge exhibited what appeared to be a demonstrative dislike of movant's attorney, that judge wrote a letter to the attorney in a 
prior case expressing low regard for attorney's approach to the practice of law, and that the attorney had represented to the 
court that the judge attempted to improperly influence the special master appointed in a case were sufficient grounds to 
require recusal). 
See Oates v. State, 619 So. 2d 23, 25 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1993); Bryant v. State, 363 So. 2d 1141 (Fla. 1st D.CA. 1978). 
See Sandstrom v. State, 402 So. 2d 461, 463 (Fla. 4th D.C.A. 1981); accord Wells v. State, 487 So. 2d 1101, 1102 (Fla. 
5th D.CA. 1986). 
See Liteky v. United States, 510 U.S. 540 (1994) (tracing the history of the recusal provisions in 28 U.S.C. §144 and 28 
U.S.C. §455); Liljeberg v. Health Services Acquisition Corp., 486 U.S. 847, 860 (1988). 
See Pepsico, Inc. v. McMillen, 764 F.2d 458, 460 (7th Cir. 1985); see also United States v. McLain, 701 F. Supp. 1544, 
1555 (M.D. Fla. 1988). 
See Union Carbide Corp. v. U.S. Cutting Service, Inc., 782 F.2d 710, 716 (7th Cir. 1986). 
The factual grounds for disqualification without a showing of actual partiality encompass charges that the judge:1) has a 
personal bias for or against a party or has personal knowledge of a fact at issue; 2) was associated in private law practice 
with a lawyer who acted as a lawyer or witness, during the association, in the matter now before the court; 3) was a 
government employee who participated as counsel or adviser or expressed an opinion as to the merits of the controversy; 4) 
has a financial interest in the proceedings or other interest that could be substantially affected by the outcome of the case, or 
has a spouse or minor child with such an interest; 5) is related to a party or an officer or trustee of a party, a person acting as 
counsel in the proceeding, a person known by the judge to have an interest that could be substantially affected by the 
outcome of the proceeding, or a person known by the judge as a material witness in the action. 
http: /www.floridabar.org/divcom/jn/jnjournal01.nsf/Authcir/E76978ASAA6SA20585256ADBOOSD631E 
Page G of 7 
EFTA01188226
--- PAGE 7 ---
BarJournal Article 
2/7/13 2:12 PM 
Michaud-Berger v. Hurley, 607 So. 2d 441, 447 (Ha. 4th D.C.A. 1992) (Judge Letts specially concurring). 
Douglas J. Glald serves as an assistant attorney general in Ft. Lauderdale, where he represents the state in appeals and 
civil forfeitures. He is a charter class member of Nova University Law School and has been an member of The Florida Bar 
since 1978. 
2000 by Douglas J. Glaid 
(Revised: 02-10-20121 
Journal HOME 
O 2005 The Florida Bar I Disclaimer I Top of page I I PDF
http:/lwww.floridabar.org/divcom/jn/jnjournal01.nsf/AuthorJE76978A5AA6SA20585256ADB005D631E 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA01188227

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188228.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "James P. McGee" <MIMI=IMIlla> 
To: Mohamed Waheed 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Jason Cincotti 
Subject: Preliminary Baseline Polling Memorandum 
Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2013 05:56:18 +0000 
Attachments: Maldivesissues-Polling_Information_(02.01.13).docx 
President Waheed: 
As we have emailed, and as I spoke with Jeffrey about, the next step we must get underway with is a substantial Baseline 
Survey/ Poll to get a true idea where things stand for you and your opposition in the September Presidential Election as 
well as identifying what the prevailing issues are and will play out in the upcoming campaign. 
Attached is a very detailed memorandum that was prepared by one of my partners, Jason Cincotti with input from other 
3rd party sources which lays out some very frank (and I am sure in some cases) unpleasant summaries about the 
prevailing issues facing the Maldives. It also includes some draft suggested (but not finalized) questions for the survey that 
we will need to review and discuss. It is very important that you read this memorandum in an objective way and it is also 
very important that you not to take it personally. 
When polling in such a delicate political environment like the one you are currently facing, it is important to understand 
that we don't want to shy away from those sensitive areas, in fact we want the opposite — We want the true answers to 
those questions to understand what the electorate is thinking about so that we can make sure that you are the candidate 
that best speaks to those issues and connects with that electorate. 
To put it another way: This isn't about the fluffy clouds and rainbows questions, instead this about the nitty-gritty 
questions that are going to make the baseline poll produce the data we can use and that is what we are doing with some 
of the suggested draft questions in this memorandum. 
We will also add in some of the standard horserace questions including the head to head with you and Nasheed, etc... that 
are always a part of any poll but it is the questions around the issues that will produce the most important data for us. 
We would need to review the attached draft questions with you and the designated members of your team to make sure 
we have localized and finalized the baseline questions we decide on and ensure the type of answers we are looking to get 
out of the survey. We can discuss the memorandum at a time that works for you and your team. Just let us know what will 
work best for you and we can set up a time to review and discuss. 
Please email me back after you have reviewed the attached memo 
I hope all is well and look forward to talking to you soon 
McGee 
EFTA01188228

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188229.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEWG RANGE 
CONSULTING • SUE MARE, COMMUNICATIONS 
INTERNAL CAMPAIGN MEMORANDUM 
Extremely Confidential 
To: 
President Mohammed Waheed Hassan 
Jeffery Epstein 
From: James P. McGee and Jason Cincotti, Newgrange Consulting 
Date: February 2, 2013 
Re: 
Preliminary Issues Research and Baseline Polling Development 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
This memorandum covers some of the preliminary issues research conducted by 
Newgrange Consulting on the Maldives. This issues information has been pulled 
together for the purpose of developing some of our initial baseline polling 
questions that we want to test for both President Waheed and his campaign. 
The issues research that has been developed for this memorandum also provides a 
very frank and honest look at the Maldives and the prevailing issues affecting the 
country today. Through a very honest review and assessment of these issues we 
are able to develop those baseline polling questions that will give us real insight 
into what voters currently think of President Waheed and his Administration as 
well as their opinions and preferences in the upcoming Presidential Election. 
Economy
The 2011 protests were largely touched off by a stagnating economy. The 
country faces a large budget deficit ($300 million in 2010, or 15% of GDP—
the fourth-worst percentage in the world), an even larger debt ($943 
million), and an unemployment rate estimated at 14.5%. Tourism and fishing 
are Maldives's two biggest industries; however, fishing has experienced a 
sharp decline in recent years, and tourism took a dip during the international 
recession (though it has since rebounded). Maldives's reliance on these 
industries has led some to worry that its economy is dangerously susceptible 
to external shocks. Both tourism and fishing have also proven somewhat 
damaging to the island ecosystem. 
Newgrange Consulting Group • N2 Innovations • Newgrange Strate ies • The Na 
an Foundation 
Charles Street Suite 3 • Boston, MA 02114 • Phone: 
• Fax: 
vAvw.newaranaearouo.com • info@neweranaeerouo.com 
EFTA01188229
--- PAGE 2 ---
President Nasheed also imposed a tax the first time ever to help the 
economy, which was unpopular with the resort owners who had to pay up. 
Tax revenue has gone toward infrastructure and education primarily. There 
is also a great disparity between people who live in Male and people who 
live on farther-flung islands—the farther, the poorer, due to worse 
infrastructure connecting them to society. 
For example, Noonu Atoll has recently experienced unrests from protesters 
complaining about a lack of basic services. (The administration has proposed 
an airport on the atoll to alleviate the problem.) In general, there is great 
income inequality in Maldives, and a nascent higher-education system seems 
poorly positioned to help would-be bootstrap-raisers. 
One proposal to revive the economy, by a PPM presidential candidate, is oil 
exploration in Maldives. However, this is controversial, as it flies in the face 
of its status as a natural beauty that must be preserved as well as its obvious 
need to stem global warming. However, PPM argues that a domestic oil 
industry would attract foreign investors and create 26,000 jobs. 
• Do you consider the economy in Maldives currently to be very good, 
somewhat good, somewhat bad, or very bad? 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that the national debt is very important, somewhat 
important, not very important, or not at all important? 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that unemployment is very important, somewhat 
important, not very important, or not at all important? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed is doing all he can to stimulate 
the economy, doing some of the things he needs to do to stimulate the 
economy, or is not doing enough to stimulate the economy? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed is doing all he can to help the 
tourism industry, doing some of the things he needs to do to help the 
tourism industry, or is not doing enough to help the tourism industry? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed is doing all he can to help the 
fishing industry, doing some of the things he needs to do to help the 
fishing industry, or is not doing enough to help the fishing industry? 
• Do you support or oppose the government's policy of collecting 
taxes? 
EFTA01188230
--- PAGE 3 ---
• Do you feel that economic disparity between atolls is a major 
problem, a minor problem, or not much of a problem? 
• Do you support domestic oil drilling as a way to stimulate the 
economy? 
Abuse of Power/Corruption 
Maldives has a checkered record of providing civil and human rights. While 
these are not major political issues as we think of them in the West, the 
violent events of 2011 and the murky circumstances of President Waheed's 
accession to power have made political issues out of the abuse of power and 
the government's fair and open treatment of citizens more broadly. 
Throughout his term, President Waheed has been dogged by accusations that 
he was a conspirator in, or at least the beneficiary of, a coup d'atat of the 
previous government. The Maldivian government is currently holding 
hearings to ascertain exactly what happened, and while there is no evidence 
of a coup, many (politically motivated) testifiers have said damning things 
about Waheed's involvement, including orchestrating his own rise to the 
presidency. However, Waheed and other opponents of the Nasheed 
administration would also argue—not entirely without merit—that President 
Nasheed went to extreme and unconstitutional means to hold onto power 
before he finally resigned (e.g., unilaterally removing a judge from office; 
firing on peaceful protesters). 
Ironically, this means, in part, that the two presidents have proven to be very 
similar leaders policy- and style-wise. As a result, this issue area is more 
meta than an actual substantive policy difference. That is to say, the main 
issue the 2013 election will be decided on is simply Nasheed vs. Waheed. 
While both sides were likely guilty of these things, each will consider 
rampant government corruption, unconstitutional power grabs, and use of 
force on peaceful protesters as a main disqualifier for the other's fitness to 
hold office. 
Corruption is alleged to exist on other levels of government as well. For 
example, two judges have been accused of accepting an $800,000 bribe. The 
judicial system in general is not seen as fair, clean, and protected from 
political influence. A recent international report also criticized Maldives's 
political emphasis for recrimination over reconciliation, limited 
EFTA01188231
--- PAGE 4 ---
transparency, and rampant patronage. Specifically, politicians are thought to 
switch political parties willy-nilly in exchange for personal rewards. The 
lack of rules governing political defections is thought to be a hindrance to a 
truly free democracy. 
• Do you believe that President Nasheed acted unconstitutionally 
during his tenure as president? 
• Do you believe that the events that caused President Nasheed to 
resign and brought President Waheed into power were a coup? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed has acted unconstitutionally 
either before or during his tenure as president? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed has brought stability to the 
Maldives during his tenure as president? 
• Do you feel that President Waheed has begun to re-establish trust and 
confidence to the political process in the Maldives? 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that corruption is very important, somewhat important, 
not very important, or not at all important? 
• Do you believe the judicial system in Maldives is completely free and 
fair, mostly free and fair, mostly not free and fair, or not at all free 
and fair? 
• Do you believe there is enough transparency in government? 
• Do you believe the government suffers from political patronage? 
Vice/Rule of Law 
Maldives has long suffered from a high rate of violent crime and drug abuse, 
especially among the younger population, and the worsening of these 
problems hurt President Nasheed's standing in advance of his ouster. In 
addition, relating to the "Abuse of Power" issue area, Maldives has also 
experienced many street protests over the past few years, including several 
that have turned violent. As with that issue, voters are likely to see their own 
protests as a peaceful and necessary democratic measure, while the other 
side's protests are a public-safety-threatening menace. 
In response, President Waheed and the parliament have passed a "Freedom 
of Assembly Bill" that outlines specific allowances and restrictions on 
protests. For example, demonstrations were outlawed outside government 
EFTA01188232
--- PAGE 5 ---
offices, private residences, tourist resorts, airports, etc., and limits were 
placed on the media's ability to cover protests. The bill was criticized by 
Nasheed supporters (who are the main protesters these days) and NGOs. 
• Do you believe that President Waheed is doing all he can to decrease 
violent crime, doing some of the things he needs to do to decrease 
violent crime, or is not doing enough to decrease violent crime? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed is doing all he can to curb drug 
abuse, doing some of the things he needs to do to curb drug abuse, or 
is not doing enough to curb drug abuse? 
• Do you believe that the use offorce on peaceful protesters is always 
justified, sometimes justified, or never justified? 
• Do you believe that President Nasheed ordered or sanctioned the use 
offorce on peaceful protesters? 
• 
Which statement comes closest to what you believe: the many protests 
in Maldives are a good thing because they represent citizens 
exercising their democratic rights, or the many protests in Maldives 
are a bad thing because they threaten public law and order? 
• Do you support or oppose President Waheed's Freedom of Assembly 
Bill placing limits on demonstrations? 
(: I i m ate Change 
Maldives is the world's lowest country, with an average elevation of 5 feet. 
Its highest peak is only 8 feet tall. Obviously, this puts Maldives at extreme 
risk from sea-level rise caused by global warming. In a possible preview of 
what is to come, the 2004 tsunami devastated the islands (costing $400 
million, or 62% of the GDP), damaging infrastructure and completely 
wiping out six islands. The 1998 El Nifio, which warmed the waters of the 
Indian Ocean, also killed two-thirds of Maldives's coral reefs. President 
Nasheed was famous internationally for his role in trying to stop climate 
change as the subject of the Hollywood documentary The Island President. 
For his part, President Waheed has declared that Maldives will be "the first 
country to be a marine reserve," and the government is moving to make the 
entire country a protected biosphere by 2017. However, rather than imposing 
nationwide restrictions, the government is proposing "zones," some of which 
would be kept pristine and others where more "wasteful" activities (e.g., 
tourist activity) would be allowed. 
EFTA01188233
--- PAGE 6 ---
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that protecting the environment is very important, 
somewhat important, not very important, or not at all important? 
• On the issue of the environment and global warming, do you believe 
President Waheed is doing too much, not doing enough, or doing 
about the right amount? 
• In your opinion, what is more important: fostering economic growth 
even at environmental cost, or protecting the environment and 
stopping global warming even at economic cost? 
• Do you believe that the proposal to drill for oil in Maldives is 
mutually exclusive with Maldives's commitment to conservation and 
the environment? 
Islam 
Religious freedom is nonexistent in Maldives, but this is not an issue with 
the overwhelmingly Muslim electorate. Rather, a lack of piety in 
government has actually arisen as an issue. The government of President 
Nasheed was accused of being too secular and not enforcing Islamic values; 
for example, they allowed resort owners to sell pork and alcohol products, 
and the Nasheed government was unusually liberal on the issue of Israel. 
December 2011 saw a mass march to "protect Islam" that called for various 
extremist positions, such as the cessation of all flights betwen Israel and 
Maldives. However, Waheed has not changed any of these policies since 
taking office, leading some to accuse Nasheed opponents of using Islam as a 
political tool only. 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that adherence to Islam is very important, somewhat 
important, not very important, or not at all important? 
• Do you believe that the government of President Waheed has been too 
faithful to Islamic values, not faithful enough, or about right? 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that allowing tourist resorts to serve pork and alcohol 
is very important, somewhat important, not very important, or not at 
all important? 
• Do you believe that President Nasheed uses Islam primarily as a 
political tool? 
EFTA01188234
--- PAGE 7 ---
• Do you believe that the PPM uses Islam primarily as a political tool? 
• Do you believe that the DRP uses Islam primarily as a political tool? 
Foreiun Policy 
As mentioned above, weak support for Palestine (and perceived support for 
Israel) was one of the reasons for ex-President Nasheed's unpopularity in 
this deeply Islamic nation. Lately, Maldives has also been cozying up to 
China at the expense of India, their longtime ally and a defender of President 
Gayoom's dictatorial regime. Chinese tourism is a large share of the 
Maldivian economy, and the two nations have recently been negotiating 
about stronger military ties. Meanwhile, an Indian developer was recently 
fired from running the Male airport, which has reverted to public from 
private. President Waheed has had to deny that pressure from China led to 
this undiplomatic snub of India. On the other side, India has also publicly 
acknowledged concern about how closely Maldives's IT and telecom sectors 
are tying themselves to China—another place where China may be pushing 
India out of the equation. 
In response to Maldives's actions, India rejected a visit from the Maldivian 
foreign minister, saying they did not want to be a puppet in Waheed's 
attempt to save face and repair relations in advance of the elections. India is 
also calling in its $100 million debts from Maldives, which must be paid by 
February and represent a fiscal cliff of sorts for the Maldivian economy. In 
addition, India has tightened restrictions on Maldivians getting visas to go to 
India. The Indian High Commission actually released to the press a list of 11 
grievances it had with the Waheed government. As a result, Nasheed has 
criticized the current administration for allowing relations to sour with India. 
Maldives and the US have a good relationship that is often characterized by 
Maldives taking actions that it thinks will endear it in the eyes of the 
American, and thus Western, community. Even domestic-policy decisions 
such as those on human rights and pro-tourist regulations are often done for 
these types of PR reasons. 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that foreign policy is very important, somewhat 
important, not very important, or not at all important? 
EFTA01188235
--- PAGE 8 ---
• Do you believe that President Waheed is too heavily influenced by his 
perception of Maldives's international reputation? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed's relationship with India is too 
friendly, too hostile, or about right? 
• Do you believe that President Waheed's relationship with (Can use 
China, United States, Israel, or Palestine) is too friendly, too hostile, 
or about right? 
Immitvation 
Maldives has a large population of migrant workers—an estimated 111,000 
legal residents of Maldives are not Maldivian. President Waheed is one of 
many Maldivians concerned by the issue, and he has called for tighter 
restrictions on immigration. His reasoning is twofold: he does not want to 
fall to Tier 3 on the US State Department's human-trafficking scale (due to 
the criticism and cessation of foreign aid it would mean from the West), but 
he is also concerned about preserving the Maldivian national character that 
is threatened by a diluting foreign population. 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that immigration is very important, somewhat 
important, not very important, or not at all important? 
• Do you think that immigration to Maldives should be encouraged 
more than it is now, restricted more than it is now, or stay at about 
the level it is now? 
• Do you believe that immigrants pose a threat to "Maldivianness" and 
the national character? 
• Do you believe it is important that Maldives not fall to Tier 3 on the 
US State Department's human-trafficking scale? 
• Do you believe that immigration strengthens Maldives, by broadening 
the economic base, or weakens Maldives, by taking away from 
natives? 
Human/Women's Rights 
By Western standards, Maldives has had a poor human-rights record. 
Women are treated unequally (e.g., being publicly flogged for adultery), 
LGBT relationships are illegal, and religious freedom is nonexistent. 
EFTA01188236
--- PAGE 9 ---
However, it is unclear to what extent actual Maldivian voters care about 
these issues. Still, it has been a political football from time to time. For 
example, one recent proposal by the Waheed administration was to reform 
laws that treat rape and sexual-abuse victims as equally culpable as the 
perpetrators. Currently, a 15-year-old girl has been charged for having 
"consensual sexual relations" that may actually have been her father raping 
her. 
• As you consider the factors that will affect your vote for president, 
would you say that laws punishing women for sexual relations are 
very important, somewhat important, not very important, or not at all 
important? 
• Do you believe that the law should punish minors for 'fornication" 
even if the sex was not consensual? 
• Do you believe that the law should punish minors for 'fornication" if 
the sex was consensual? 
• Do you believe that the law should punish women for committing 
adultery? 
• Do you support President Waheed's proposal to change the law so 
that minors who engage in sexual activity will no longer be 
prosecuted in some cases? 
EFTA01188237

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188238.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: roger schank 
Subject: thoughts? 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 16:45:25 +0000 
Attachments: Computational_Structure_of Mental_Representations_proposal.pdf 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188238

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188239.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Carol Montgomery <I 
To: Jeffery Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hello 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 19:35:52 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
I do miss u how r u doing? I start my 7 days on 12 hr a day starting Thursday morning. I am doing a 17 day 
cruise April 21,2013 that end in Copenhagen on may 13, 2013. Fly from Copenhagen into ice land back to 
Seattle. I will be in MYS April 19-21 Sunday I get on the ship if ur in that area I would love 2 see u carol big 
hugs. XOXO carol 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188239

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188240.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 20:25:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188240
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188241
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188242

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188243.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 20:26:07 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188243
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188244
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188245

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188246.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic <
Ina> 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 20:26:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188246
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188247
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188248

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188249.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 21:45:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2013-02-27_at_4.42.34_PM.png; Screen_Shot_2013-02-
27_at_4.44.32_PM.png 
Quite lovely! I love how the handle can lay flat as well. I think the pieces are made out of horn. beautiful color 
wood. Diggin the dominoes too 
EFTA01188249
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188250

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188251.pdf
----------------------------------------
itlichaell/Vocff 
'Victoria Floethe 
Invite you to Celebrate 
the Publication of 
Edward jay Epstein's 
THE ANNALS OF 
UNSOLVED CRIME 
6:00-8:00 pm, litesday 
„March 5th, 2013 
East First Street, Nyc 
RSVP: Michael@burnrate.com 
THE ANNALS OF 
UNSOLVED CRIME 
PLANE CRASHES 
THE UNTOLD STORY BEHIND 
HISTORY'S MOST NOTORIOUS 
ASSASSINATIONS 
Murders! 
Suicides! 
DISAPPEARANCES al 
AND OTHER ACTS OF DESTRUCTION 
BY EDWARD JAY EPSTEIN 
EFTA01188251

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188252.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188252

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188253.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 10 Feb 2013 16:47:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
The middle is my friend 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188253

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188254.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: Contact 
Date: Thu, 14 Feb 2013 22:00:23 +0000 
BEGIN:VCARD 
VERSION:3.0 
PRODID:-//Apple Inc.//iOS 6.1//EN 
N:Blaine;David;;; 
FN:David Blaine 
Sent front my iPhone 
EFTA01188254

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188255.pdf
----------------------------------------
ge)-d DallasAirmotive 
A BBA Aviation company 
900 NØ Drive. Grapeview TX 76051 
Biping Inquirwa (214)956.3000 
TO: 
IELE! Hyperion Air. Inc. 
3800 Somber Blvd. Suite 204 
West Palm Beach. FL 33406 
PO NUMBER 
WAE ~HER 
DATE OF QUOTE 
U2212015 
FROM: 
Dallas Airmotive 
900 Nolen Drive 
Cnapevine.TX 76051 
ATTN: 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
I. 
Visa& 
AITN: 
PHONE: 
FAX: 
Rob Hantnek 
~C 
ENGE« SIN 
611-8 
UH 
GUT ;><,- 1506 
APU 
AIRCRAFT TYPE 
AIRS-RA[7SM 
61V 
N212.1E 
WIRE TRANSFER TO: 
DALLI1S AIRAI011VE. INC. 
do Bank of America 
100 West 33rd Street 
New York. NY 10001 
ACCT NO: 4427603795 
ACH ABA: 111000012 
VARE ABA 026009593 
SWIFT CODE: BOFAUS3N 
MAINTENANCE PROGRAM: 
Cl/STOMER NUMBER 
PAYMF.NT TERMS: 
417250 
N30 
THLS COST ESTIMATE LS FOR THE FOI.I.OWING: 
WORKSCOPE: 
Remove CLLS10111,21% engines and install remals on IJH & RM sides. 
ITEM 01 
Labor Charges 
Flat Rare Labor 
515.532.00i fiat rate per engine 
$31.064.00 
Travel Labor 
Stabielst 
531.064.00 
ITEM 02 
Trad & Expennes 
laaie Rare Travel 
$1400.00/ per technician. 3 reeks 
54.200.00 
laaie Rare Expernes 
$5053 day fiat rate per teek, estitnated 5 days 
57.500.00 
Subtotal 
511.700.00 
ITEM 03 
Parts 
R.5:R Kit. Qty 2 
51.620.00 
Subtaal 
51.620.00 
ITEM 04 
<Fiber 
Shipping 
Esumated shipping for teehnieians mok 
5850.00 
Fortlift Rental 
Esumated - keklift remal 
52.000.00 
Other 
Esumated - 25 ton erane rental 
$800.00 
Subtaal 
53.650.00 
ITEM 05 
Additionsl Expert...'s 
2-TAV stands. TAY Tool Kit & 1339 test box 
57.500.00 
Subtotal 
57.500.00 
C()ST ESTLMATE TOTAL 
555.534.00 
040 it ener a nat enránate. Ibis quote all mama onunancenas inname eraan. taboe. alarm. maa. espen tee ea is aorta' beaamd "'oma I pure) 
Casu aanwet kif, remmen in Q
 rfe.0 davs. want e Aanga ne Me Interim eipiw 'starten noriet n't enanespfueed in (nauw- laad. 
ar we af dayquant tereleeanne aasnaad ambten ro ataitabilary a thema amant fanate. nat C.Waltf aniline, ar non it napa 
amor ani <memo&.oa ihr 'vara tra. Illex r<rmr Øcnndawas"MNpenadarraay tØ mediae ankr 'waan« atinaverattew 
Aanstaart of War Attila taaien Time arme aeallerniont and Of da filllt aer eantfeenat afeten Janny «reaal Pannen; naaf be 
moa fa aanwon nahned °bons NOTE St e ~adat Galant Tom dentamons l lude« eneotpanan a. M 'Morare kern...,
Authoraed SIgnature Reciulred 
Tite 
Date 
EFTA01188255

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188256.pdf
----------------------------------------
IX THE CIRCUIT COURT OF IRE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH CC4RITT, FLORIDA 
PROCEEDINGS 
- - - 
CASE NO. 502005CA040800XXXXXBAO 
THE COURT: Epstein versus Rothstein. It's the 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
V,-
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant's motion to dismiss. I 
have reviewed the motion and also the counterclaim. 
:OTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
,nd BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
I've read some of the citations you've given me. I 
did not receive a written response from the 
Defendants. 
i 
defendant 
_ 
_ 
MR. SCAROLA: The response that we provided. 
Your Honor, was a highlighted copy of the complaint. 
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE DAVID CROW 
THE COURT: Then I got it. Okay. Yes. ma'am. 
Pages I through 22 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge. may I come up to the 
Monday, February II, 2013 
8:16 a.m. - 8:40 a.n. 
podium? 
PALM BEACH COUXTY COURTHOUSE, COURTROOM 9C 
THE COURT: Sure, whatever is comfortable. 
205 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm more comfortable standing. 
Thank you. As you said. Judge -- Tonja Coleman on 
Stenographically Reported By: 
behalf of Mr. Epstein. 
SUSAN PETTY, FPR 
Florida Professional Reporter 
8 
We have filed a motion to dismiss Mr. Edwards' 
fourth amended counterclaim in which he was permitted 
0 
by this court to add a claim for punitive damages. 
We have four basic arguments. and the first of 
2 
which is basically the issue of proceeding with the 
punitive damages. 
4 
Now, this Court did grant Mr. Edwards leave to 
5 
assert a claim in punitive damages. The law is clear 
APPEARANCES: 
that that ruling in no way circumvented or obviated 
Mr. Edwards' obligation to properly plead punitive 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN. P.A. 
damages. 
315 Southeast Seventh Street 
Rule 1.120 of the Florida Rules of Civil 
Suite 301 
Procedure governs pleading special damages. and it 
3301 
requires a heightened standard of requirement when 
pleading such. 
BY: TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN. ESQUIRE 
You must plead ultimate facts demonstrating 
On behalf of Bradley J. Edwards: 
wantonness, oppression. or outrage. And the law is 
a 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA. ET AL 
very clear: that the mere use of adjectives is and of 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach. Florida 33409 
themselves insufficient to support a claim of 
0 
IIIIIIIII 
wantonness, recklessness, or maliciousness. And the 
case for which that proposition stands is Leuare 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
versus Music & Worth Construction Incorporated. 486 
So. 2d. 1359 Florida First DCA. 1986. 
Allegations that are in an amended complaint 
- - _ 
without supporting ultimate facts are insufficient as 
a matter of law to stay a cause of action for 
punitive damages. 
8 
0 
Here. all Mr. Edwards has done, by his own 
admission last week. is change his wherefore clause 
to state that he is seeking punitive damages. 
2E 
3 
Changing the wherefore clause in the complaint 
does not mean there is a heightened standard. Judge. 
4 
5 
It does not provide one fact upon which we can rely 
(Pages 1 to 4) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188256
--- PAGE 2 ---
and respond or which this court can rely on in 
every pleading motion on the docket sheet in support 
assessing whether or not it's a proper claim for 
of his claim of abuse of process. 
punitive damages. 
On the face of this complaint. Judge, is the 
The standard for punitive damages. as this 
affirmative defense of litigation privilege and 
Court is aware, is that of a manslaughter standard. 
irrefutably the fact that not one action was pointed 
It must show a gross and flagrant character 
to by Mr. Edwards in his complaint or any action that 
evidencing recklessness, indifference to the rights 
occurred outside the process. 
or others. which is equivalent to intentional 
The case law is very, very clear, and I'm going 
violation of those rights. And that's the 
to cite two cases for the Court: S&1 Investments 
Della-Donna case: 512 So. 2d 1051. Fourth DCA. 1987. 
versus Payless, 315 -- I'm sorry. 36 So. 3d 909 
Edwards fails to allege any additional facts 
Fourth DCA case from 2010. and Marty versus Gresh. 
that support willful and wanton misconduct or gross 
501 So. 2d 87 Florida First DCA, 1987. which states: 
and flagrant reckless indifference for acts committed 
The dismissal of an abuse of process claim is proper 
by Mr. Epstein. 
if the plaintiff fails to allege any act that 
In addition. Judge. its very important to note 
constitutes misuse of process after it was issued. 
that the plaintiff must prove the underlying tort and 
Judge. because the wherefore clause now asks 
properly plead the underlying tort before even 
for damages as well as punitive damages. dismissal of 
setting forth a heightened factual basis for punitive 
this abuse of process claim is proper because it 
damages. 
doesn't point to any facts that are outside the 
The first cause of action as asserted by 
process. 
Mr. Edwards is abuse of process. Malice is one of 
The same would hold true for punitive damages. 
the underlying elements in that cause of action. 
The mere recitation of the word "malice" absent 
As such, the law is clear that because 
probable cause is not enough. 
Mr. Edwards must properly plead malice for his 
The case law is clear that a wanton probable 
underlying cause of action, he must plead a 
cause isn't even enough heightened -- the standard 
heightened requirement other than reusing the word 
pleading for malice for an abuse of process claim, 
malice to support a claim in punitive damages. 
much less for punitive damages. 
This complaint fails to do so. and because of 
Finally, with respect to that abuse of process 
that, the punitive damages allegations should be 
claim. Judge. is the issue of litigation privilege. 
dismissed as to both counts. 
In Jackson versus Bellsouth Communications. 372 
Our second argument with respect to dismissal 
F 3rd 1250. the 11th circuit in applying the Florida 
turns us to the changes to the cause of action and 
state law stated that the litigation privilege should 
abuse of process. 
be considered regarding a motion to dismiss when the 
With respect to the cause of action and abuse 
complaint affirmatively and clearly shows the 
of process, Mr. Epstein -- Mr. Edwards — excuse me. 
conclusive applicability of the defense to bar the 
Mr. Edwards' actions -- by his own admission, on the 
action. 
four corners of his complaint -- occurred in the 
Every fact alleged by Mr. Edwards in his 
course of the litigation. 
complaint is afforded immunity pursuant to the 
This Court has previously ruled on motions to 
litigation privilege. It protects all acts taken 
dismiss in this case, and I brought the order to show 
that are functionally tied to the judicial 
you that, number one, this argument has not been 
proceeding. and there arises immediately upon doing 
raised before, and, number two, the proper standard 
of any act required or permitted by law in the due 
is delineated in this Court's own order. 
course of the judicial proceeding or is necessarily 
While the Court is confined to a limited review 
preliminarily thereto. 
0 
of the four corners of the complaint in ruling in a 
For that proposition. Fridovich versus 
motion to dismiss, the law is very, very clear that 
Fridovich 598 So. 2d 65 Florida Supreme Court. 1992. 
2 
an abuse of process requires misuse of process after 
In addition. Judge. the Florida Supreme Court 
3 
issue. 
in 2007 in Echevarria versus Cole. 950 So. 2d 380, 
4 
The plain face in the four corners of Edwards 
stated: Absolute immunity must be afforded to any 
5 
own complaint show that he's relying on each and 
5 
act occurring during the course of a judicial 
(Pages 5 to 8) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188257
--- PAGE 3 ---
proceeding regardless of whether the act involves a 
on a reason inconsistent with the guilt of the 
defamatory statement or other tortious behavior so 
accused. 
long as it bears some relation to the proceeding. 
In addition. Judge, it's very obvious that with 
Here, not only does Edwards' own facts fail to 
respect to a voluntary dismissal without prejudice. 
show any action taken outside the litigation, 
S 
Mr. Epstein. would refile his case right now if it 
Edwards' main complaint actually asserts litigation 
were a bona fide termination of the cause of action. 
privilege for the proposition that he was properly 
We would not be permitted to refile the case. It 
permitted to file this lawsuit against Mr. Epstein. 
would be. in fact, a termination as defined by the 
In addition, Judge, Logan versus Middleburke 
law and is provided for by the case law interpreting 
wherefore the Supreme Court in 1994 states that the 
what a bona fide termination means. 
litigation privilege affords a defendant immunity 
In sum. Judge. because we could refile the 
from suit. It's more than a mere defense to a 
case, there is no bona fide termination, and the 
liability. 
cause of action for malicious prosecution should also 
As such. Judge. because the dismissal is 
be dismissed. 
appropriate when the complaint affirmatively and 
In summation. Judge. we would point that while 
clearly shows the defense on the face of the 
Mr. Edwards did file a fourth amended counterclaim 
pleading. and this Court is now being asked to look 
for punitive damages, the response to our motion to 
outside the four corners of the complaint. Because 
dismiss as provided by Mr. Scarola shows little more 
the applicability of the litigation privilege 
than he is relying upon the underlying facts which 
completely bars this action and bars any claim for 
this Court agreed showed a short and plain statement 
punitive damages and mandates dismissal. 
of the facts to survive a motion to dismiss under an 
Finally, Judge, with respect to the last cause 
initial cause of action. 
of action. which is malicious prosecution. we would 
It did not, however, rise to the heightened 
point out to the Court that the change that has 
pleading requirements that would be required to plead 
occurred since we were last here is that Mr. Epstein 
a claim in punitive damages. and for that reason, 
1. 
has filed a notice of voluntary dismissal without 
Judge. we respectfully request that the fourth 
prejudice in his case-in-chief against Mr. Epstein -- 
amended counterclaim be dismissed. 
Edwards. Excuse me. 
THE COURT: Okay. Thank you. Mr. Scarola. 
However, he cannot state a cause of action for 
MR. SCAROLA: Good morning. Your Honor. may it 
malicious prosecution because this is not a bona fide 
please the Court. 
termination in Edwards' favor. 
Let me begin, if I could, by addressing the 
The elements or requirement for a malicious 
arguments that were made in support of this motion in 
prosecution claim require the commencement of a 
a 
reverse order. 
judicial proceeding. its legal causation where the 
The last of the arguments were an attack on the 
present defendant against the plaintiff, its bona 
adequacy of this pleading to state claims for abuse 
fide termination in favor of the plaintiff, the 
of process and malicious prosecution. 
absence of probable for prosecution, malice and 
Your Honor has heard those arguments repeatedly 
damages. 
in the past. and Your Honor has rejected those 
The failure to provide one of these elements in 
arguments repeatedly in the past. 
a complaint is fatal to the entire claim. For that 
Your Honor has found that the allegations 
proposition we would point the Court to Alamo 
stated in this complaint are sufficient to withstand 
Rent-a-Car versus Mancusi, 632 So. 2d 1352, again, a 
a motion to dismiss. 
Florida Supreme Court case from 1994. 
So the only real issue before this court at 
Edwards pled that Epstein abandoned his claim 
this time -
and that this count of being -- the complaint being 
THE COURT: Well. I could have been wrong. 
dismissed without prejudice is a bona fide 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, Your Honor, you could have 
termination. 
been wrong. but you weren't. You were absolutely 
However, the law is very, very clear that this 
right, and this isn't a motion for rehearing. 
dismissal without prejudice is not a bona fide 
THE COURT: I understand. 
termination, because it was voluntary and not based 
MR. SCAROLA: If it were a motion for 
(Pages 9 to 12) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188258
--- PAGE 4 ---
rehearing, it would be necessary to file that motion 
substantiated in a proffer. And, in fact. 
to support it with something other than what has been 
substantially more than just a proffer of evidence. 
argued before, which hasn't been done. And Your 
an indication of clear record evidence to support the 
Honor would then need to make a determination as to 
recovery of punitive damages. 
whether you want to grant the rehearing. None of 
I provided Your Honor with a highlighted copy 
that has been done. 
of the complaint and the specific factual 
In the guise of attacking the adequacy of these 
allegations. not merely adjectives or unsupported 
pleadings to state a claim for punitive damages. they 
conclusions, but factual allegations to support the 
have attempted to reargue everything that we have 
claim for punitive damages. 
argued. I suggest to Your Honor on many ortgsions, 
In Paragraph 5 we allege in substance that 
not just one, but many occasions in the context of 
Mr. Epstein faced and faces criminal prosecution in 
both the claims that were brought against Mr. Edwards 
civil liability. 
and in the context of the claims that we have brought 
In Paragraph 6 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
against Mr. Epstein. all of those legal issues have 
asserted his fifth amendment privilege, had no 
been repeatedly examined by Your Honor and they have 
intention of waiving that privilege and had no 
been rejected with regard to their application to 
defense to the criminal claims against him or the 
this complaint. 
civil claims that were being brought against him. 
So if it is Your Honor's intention to reexamine 
And so he decided to resort to extortion since he 
those again. I would like notice of the fact that 
didn't have any legal defense. 
Your Honor is granting a motion for rehearing with 
In Paragraph 8 we allege that Mr. Edwards did 
regard to issues that you have already ruled upon. 
nothing wrong in the prosecution of his cases against 
I think that that's entirely unnecessary. You 
Mr. Epstein. and Mr. Epstein had no reason to believe 
were right before. You were right repeatedly before. 
otherwise. 
and there is no basis, because there is no new 
In Paragraph 9 we allege that Mr. Epstein sued 
argument to support the contention now that those 
for monetary damages when he had suffered none, and 
underlying allegations somehow failed to state a 
that the damage claim was solely part of an 
claim for relief with regard to both abuse of process 
extortionate effort on Mr. Epstein's part. 
and malicious prosecution. 
In Paragraph 10 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
So let me address the adequacy of the 
acted solely out of malice, and in Paragraph 13 we 
allegations as they relate to punitive damages. 
allege that Mr. Epstein knew not only that the claims 
because that is a matter that is being raised before 
were factually unsupported and unsupportable. but 
Your Honor, not really for the first time, but it is 
that he also knew that the charges against 
being raised in the context of this notion to dismiss 
Mr. Edwards could not be prosecuted as a matter of 
for the first time. 
law. 
The adequacy of the allegations was really 
I don't know how you can more clearly set forth 
addressed when Your Honor granted the motion for 
a plain and concise statement of the facts supporting 
leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
an entitlement to punitive damages as has been 
damages. because the only thing that the motion to 
supported by the proffer than as exists in this 
assert a claim for punitive damages did was to 
complaint. 
provide record evidence to support the factual 
The fact that the allegations were not changed 
allegations included in the complaint. 
between the time that we asserted our claim for abuse 
As I have informed Your Honor previously, there 
of process and malicious prosecution without a claim 
is only one change to each of the two claims stated 
for punitive damages and when we added the claim for 
previously, and that one change is a change to the 
punitive damages says nothing about the adequacy of 
wherefore clause. And it simply asserts that having 
those allegations. They were adequate from the 
satisfied the statutory prerequisite for the 
beginning. They are adequate now, and this is a 
assertion of a claim for punitive damages. having 
motion that should be denied, so that this matter can 
been granted leave to amend, we are amending to 
be placed at issue. And we can finally get a trial 
assert a claim for punitive damages on the basis of 
date in this now four-year-old case. Thank you. Your 
the allegations that were already made and already 
Honor. 
(Pages 13 to 16) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188259
--- PAGE 5 ---
THE COURT: Okay. Brief rebuttal. 
ton elements to get to punitive damages. This 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir. First. Judge I would 
complaint fails to do that, number one. 
point out to the court that while Mr. Sc-anala's 
Number two. if this proffer had all this 
suggestions and assertions are just that, suggestions 
additional proof, it should have been pled in the 
and assertions, he has provided not one role of law 
complaint. That's the whole purpose of going through 
or one case to support any of his position. 
the discovery process and finding out that 
'7 
Secondly. while -- 
information before you're permitted to plead punitive 
THE COURT: I think his position would be all 
damages, Judge. is to make an evidentiary proffer to 
the things you've cited. 
support the claim. 
MS. COLEMAN: Maybe that is his position. 
Why, in common sense, would we go through all 
Judge. but he didn't argue it. Judge. I'm sorry. 
of that work if it wasn't necessary to add those 
THE COURT: Yes. And then the question is. as 
elements to the complaint as punitive damages. 
I understand it. is whether or not the facts -- 
This is not an attorney's fees complaint. If 
whether they were at issue as alleged or it's been 
someone is permitted legally to plead attorney's 
rehashed into something else — in and of themselves 
fees --
are sufficient for punitive damages. And secondly. 
THE COURT: I can tell you why. because of the 
whether or not the underlying cause of action of 
statute, because everybody's pulling punitive damages 
that — 
without -
MS. COLEMAN: And we present. based upon the 
MS. COLEMAN: Right. 
voluminous amount of case law which we have provided. 20 
THE COURT: -- any gatekeeper. In tort cases 
that they do not 
now, they make all kinds of horrible allegations, no 
Mr. Scarola came up here and argued with 
matter whether or not that's sufficient for punitive 
respect to his proffer regarding the punitive 
damages. the judge says you supported those 
damages. Not one fact was — 
allegations with some type of facts. 
THE COURT: What he said was malicious 
MS. COLEMAN: So those facts should be pled. 
prosecution does not include the allegations that you 
That's exactly my point. You're making my point. 
made against him and his client were false. Two. 
You have to plead the facts that support punitive 
that you knew you couldn't support that, and. I mean. 
damages. 
he says a whole bunch of stuff he says in hem. 
THE COURT: You're supposed to plead ultimate 
MS. COLEMAN: If I may. Judge. all of those 
facts. 
issues: the extortion, the malice. the lack of 
MS. COLEMAN: If I had --
-/ 
probable cause are elements of the underlying cause 
THE COURT: I understand that. ma'am. Are you 
of action of abuse of process. 
understanding me? I'm sorry. I apologize. 
If trying to plead and prove those underlying 
I'm saying that you can plead ultimate facts 
causes of action elements were enough. everyone would 10 
which support a punitive claim without the necessity 
be in it for punitive damages. There would be no 
of actually having that punitive claim. 
reason for a proffer. 
And the fact that all the facts alleged in the 
Those pleadings do not rise to the level of the 
complaint may be sufficient to support a claim for 
magic language. The wantonness. the recklessness. 
punitive damages. you must put a proffer of evidence 
the manslaughter standard, none of those facts 
to support those allegations before you can actually 
support those elements. 
get punitive damages. Do you understand what I'm 
l'i 
Literally if you look at the cause of action 
saying? 
for abuse of process and what is required. it says: 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. I understand it, but with 
Lack of probable cause would be listed. The case law 
respect to properly pleading punitive damages. it's 
is very clear that that isn't even enough to support 
only in a wherefore clause. It's not pled. It's not 
a cause of action for abuse of process. 
part of the complaint. 
But extortion and malice are all pan of the 
THE COURT: I think that's the issue I have to 
underlying cause of action for abuse of process. It 
decide. You say it isn't. He says it is. 
is an intentional tort. 
MS. COLEMAN: In addition. I would just like to 
Therefore. you must rise above the intentional 
'25
bring to the Court's attention -- I brought copies of 
(Pages 17 to 20) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188260
--- PAGE 6 ---
previous orders, and they show that with respect to 
denying the motion to dismiss. for example. you 
stated: The motion to dismiss deals with the 
truthfulness of the allegations against the 
defendant. affirmative defenses that may be available 
to the defendant and have references outside the four 
comers of the complaint. These matters are more 
appropriate for a subject of a motion for summary 
judgment in their defenses at trial. The issues of 
the litigation privilege and the issues as they 
appear on face of the complaint — the claim his not 
been raised before. 
I would also submit to the Court. because we 
just dismissed case without prejudice. that issue 
with respect to the motion for prosecution has not 
yet been heard before the Court either. For those 
reasons. Judge. this is not a rehearing. 
THE COURT: I'm going to have to take a look at 
this again. Okay? You want to give me the ceder? 
MS. COLEMAN: Those are copies of your orders. 
previous orders. Judge. 
THE COURT: You should get an order shortly. 
Thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much. Your Honor. 
The proceedings concluded at 8:40 a.m.) 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
- - - 
I. Susan Petty. Florida Professional Reporter, 
certify that I was authorized to and did stenographically 
report the foregoing proceedings and that the transcript. 
pages I through 22, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 15th day of February, 2013. 
S 
ttY 
Florida Professional Reporter 
Notary Public. State of Florida 
Commission No.: #DD 985956 
Commission Expires: April 26. 2014 
• 
(Pages 21 to 22) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188261
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 1 
A 
abandoned 10:19 
absence 10:12 
absent 7:22 
Absolute 8:24 
absolutely 12:22 
abuse 5:21 6:8,9,22 7:2 
7:13,18 8:1,3 12:10 
14:2 16:16 18:8,18,21 
18:23 
accused 11:2 
act 7:14 8:17,25 9:1 
acted 16:4 
action 4:18 5:20,22,25 
6:7,9 7:5,6 8:11 9:5 
9:20,23 10:4 11:6,13 
11:22 17:17 18:8,10 
18:17,21,23 
actions 6:11 
acts 5:13 8:14 
add 3:20 19:11 
added 16:18 
addition 5:15 8:22 9:9 
11:3 20:24 
additional 5:11 19:4 
address 14:4 
addressed 14:11 
addressing 12:6 
adequacy 12:10 13:7 
14:4,10 16:19 
adequate 16:20,21 
adjectives 4:10 15:7 
admission 4:21 6:11 
affirmative 7:4 21:5 
affirmatively 8:9 9:15 
afforded 8:13,24 
affords 9:1 I 
agreed 11.20 
AL 2:8 
Alamo 10:16 
allegations 4:16 6:4 
12:15 14:1,5,10,16,25 
15:7,8 16:15,20 18:1 
19:21,24 20:15 21:4 
allege 5:11 7:14 15:10 
15:13,20,24 16:3,5 
alleged 8:12 17:14 
20:12 
amend 14:12,23 
amended 3:19 4:16 
11:16 12:2 
amending 14:23 
amendment 15:14 
amount 17:20 
apologize 20:8 
appear 21:11 
APPEARANCES 2:1 
applicability 8:10 9:19 
application 13:16 
applying 8:6 
appropriate 9:15 21:8 
April 22:16 
argue 17:11 
argued 13:3,10 17:22 
argument 6:6,16 13:25 
arguments 3:21 12:7,9 
12:12,14 
arises 8:16 
asked 9:17 
asks 7:16 
assert 3:25 14:12,14,24 
asserted 5:20 15:14 
16:16 
assertion 14:22 
assertions 17:4,5 
asserts 9:6 14:20 
assessing 5:2 
attack 12:9 
attacking 13:7 
attempted 13:9 
attention 20:25 
attorney's 19:13,14 
authorized 22:4 
available 21:5 
aware 5:5 
a.m 1:16,16 21:25 
B 
bar 8:10 
bars 9:20,20 
based 10:25 17:19 
basic 3:21 
basically 3:22 
basis 5:18 13:24 14:24 
Beach 1:1,17,18 2:8,9 
bears 9:3 
beginning 16:21 
behalf 2:2,7 3:17 
behavior 9:2 
believe 15:22 
Bellsouth 8:5 
bona 10:5,10,21,24 
11.6,10,12 
Boulevard 2:8 
Bradley 1:8 2:7 
Brief 17:1 
bring 20:25 
brought 6:15 13:12,13 
15:17 20:25 
bunch 18:4 
C 
case 1:2 4:13 5:10 6:15 
7:8,11,24 10:18 11:5 
11:7,9,12 16:24 17:6 
17:20 18:19 21:14 
cases 7:9 15:21 19:20 
ease-in-chief 10:2 
causation 10:9 
cause 4:18 5:20,22,25 
6:7,9 7:23,25 9:22 
10:4 11:6,13,22 17:17 
18:7,7,17,19,21,23 
causes 18:10 
CERTIFICATE 22:1 
certify 22:4 
change 4:21 9:24 14:18 
14:19,19 
changed 16:15 
changes 6:7 
Changing 4:23 
character 5:6 
charges 16:7 
circuit 1:1,1 8:6 
circumvented 4:1 
citations 3:6 
cite 7:9 
cited 17:9 
civil 4:4 15:12,17 
claim 3:20,25 4:11 5:2 
6:2 7:2,13,18 8:1,4 
9:20 10:8,15,19 11:25 
13:8 14:2,12,14,22,24 
15:9 16:1,16,17,18 
19:9 20:10,11,13 
21:11 
claims 12:10 13:12,13 
14:18 15:16,17 16:5 
clause 4:21,23 7:16 
14:20 20:20 
clear 3:25 4:10 5:23 
6:21 7:8,24 10:23 
15:3 18:20 
clearly 8:9 9:16 16:10 
client 18:2 
Cole 8:23 
Coleman 2:3,6 3:12,15 
3:16 17:2,10,19 18:5 
19:19,25 20:6,18,24 
21:20 
come 3:12 
comfortable 3:14,15 
commencement 10:8 
Commission 22:16,16 
committed 5:13 
common 19:10 
Communications 8:5 
complaint 3:10 4:16,23 
6:3,12,20,25 7:3,6 8:9 
8:13 9:6,15,18 10:15 
10:20 12:16 13:17 
14:16 15:6 16:14 19:2 
19:5,12,13 20:13,21 
21:7,11 
complete 22:6 
completely 9:20 
concise 16:11 
concluded 21:25 
conclusions 15:8 
conclusive 8:10 
confined 6:19 
considered 8:8 
constitutes 7:15 
Construction 4:14 
contention 13:25 
context 13: 11,13 14:8 
copies 20:25 21:20 
copy 3:10 15:5 
corners 6:12,20,24 9:18 
21:7 
count 10:20 
counterclaim 3:5,19 
11.16 12:2 
counts 6:5 
COUNTY 1:1,17 
course 6:13 8:18,25 
court 1:1 3:3,11,14,20 
3:24 5:1,5 6:14,19 7:9 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188262
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 2 
8:21,22 9:10,17,24 
10:16,18 11:20 12:3,5 
12:18,20,24 17:1,3,8 
17:12,25 19:16,20 
20:4,7,22 21:13,16,18 
21:22 
COURTHOUSE 1:17 
COURTROOM 1:17 
Court's 6:18 20:25 
criminal 15:11,16 
CROW 1:13 
D 
damage 16:1 
damages 3:20,23,25 4:3 
4:5,19,22 5:3,4,19 6:2 
6:4 7:17,17,21 8:2 
9:21 10:13 11:17,25 
13:8 14:5,13,14,22,24 
15:4,9,25 16:12,18,19 
17:16,24 18:11 19:1,8 
19:12,17,23 20:3,14 
20:16,19 
date 16:24 
Dated 22:9 
DAVID 1:13 
day 22:9 
DCA 4:15 5:10 7:11,12 
DD 22:16 
deals 21:3 
decide 20:23 
decided 15:18 
defamatory 9:2 
defendant 3:8 9:11 
10:10 21:5,6 
Defendants 1:9 
defense 7:4 8:10 9:12 
9:16 15:16,19 
defenses 21:5,9 
defined 11:8 
delineated 6:18 
Della-Donna 5:10 
demonstrating 4:8 
denied 16:22 
DENNEY 2:8 
denying 21:2 
determination 13:4 
discovery 19:6 
dismiss 3:4,18 6:15,21 
8:8 11:18,21 12:17 
14:8 21:2,3 
dismissal 6:6 7:13,17 
9:14,21 10:1,24 11:4 
dismissed 6:5 10:21 
11:14 12:2 21:14 
Dixie 1:18 
docket 7:1 
doing 8:16 
due 8:17 
E 
Echevarria 8:23 
Edwards 1:8 2:7 3:18 
3:24 4:2,20 5:11,21 
5:24 6:10,11,24 7:6 
8:12 9:4,6 10:3,6,19 
11:16 13:12 15:20 
16:8 
effort 16:2 
either 21:16 
elements 5:22 10:7,14 
18:7,10,16 19:1,12 
entire 10:15 
entirely 13:22 
entitlement 16:12 
Epstein 1:4 2:2 3:3,17 
5:14 6:10 9:8,25 10:2 
10:19 11:5 13:14 
15:11,13,22,22,24 
16:3,5 
Epstein's 16:2 
equivalent 5:8 
ESQUIRE 2:6,10 
ET 2:8 
everybody's 19:17 
evidence 14:15 15:2,3 
20:14 
evidencing 5:7 
evidentiary 19:8 
exactly 20:1 
examined 13:15 
example 21:2 
excuse 6:10 10:3 
exists 16:13 
Expires 22:16 
extortion 15:18 18:6,22 
extortionate 16:2 
F 8:6 
F 
face 6:24 7:3 9:16 21:11 
faced 15:11 
faces 15:11 
fact 4:25 7:5 8:12 11:8 
13:19 15:1 16:15 
17:24 20:12 
facts 4:8,17 5:11 7:19 
9:4 11:19,21 16:11 
17:13 18:15 19:24,25 
20:2,5,9,12 
factual 5:18 14:15 15:6 
15:8 
factually 16:6 
fail 9:4 
failed 14:1 
fails 5:11 6:3 7:14 19:2 
failure 10:14 
false 18:2 
fatal 10:15 
favor 10:6,11 
February 1:15 22:9 
fees 19:13,15 
fide 10:5,11,21,24 11:6 
11:10,12 
FIFTEENTH 1:1 
fifth 15:14 
file 9:8 11:16 13:1 
filed 3:18 10:1 
finally 8:3 9:22 16:23 
finding 19:6 
first 3:21 4:15 5:20 
7:12 14:7,9 17:2 
flagrant 5:6,13 
Florida 1:1,18,23 2:4,9 
4:4,15 7:12 8:6,21,22 
10:18 22:3,15,15 
foregoing 22:5 
Fort 2:4 
forth 5:18 16:10 
found 12:15 
four 3:21 6:12,20,24 
9:18 21:6 
fourth 3:19 5:10 7:11 
11.16 12:1 
four-year-old 16:24 
FPR 1:22 22:14 
Fridovich 8:20,21 
functionally 8:15 
G 
gatekeeper 19:20 
give 21:19 
given 3:6 
go 19:10 
going 7:8 19:5 21:18 
Good 12:4 
governs 4:5 
grant 3:24 13:5 
granted 14:11,23 
granting 13:20 
Gresh 7:11 
gross 5:6,12 
guilt 11:1 
guise 13:7 
H 
HADDAD 2:3,6 
heard 12:12 21:16 
HEARING 1:13 
heightened 4:6,24 5:18 
6:1 7:25 11:23 
highlighted 3:10 15:5 
Highway 1:18 
hold 7:21 
Honor 3:10 12:4,12,13 
12:15,21 13:4,10,15 
13:20 14:7,11,17 15:5 
16:25 21:24 
HONORABLE 1:13 
Honor's 13:18 
horrible 19:21 
I 
immediately 8:16 
immunity 8:13,24 9:11 
important 5:15 
include 18:1 
included 14:16 
inconsistent 11:1 
Incorporated 4:14 
indication 15:3 
indifference 5:7,13 
individually 1:7,8 
information 19:7 
informed 14:17 
initial 11:22 
insufficient 4:11,17 
intention 13:18 15:15 
intentional 5:8 18:24 
18:25 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188263
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 3 
interpreting 11:9 
Investments 7:9 
involves 9:1 
irrefutably 7:5 
issue 3:22 6:23 8:4 
12:18 16:23 17:14 
20:22 21:14 
issued 7:15 
issues 13:14,21 18:6 
21:9,10 
J 
J 1:8 2:7 
JACK 2:10 
Jackson 8:5 
Jeffrey 1:4 2:2 
judge 3:12,16 4:24 5:15 
7:3,16 8:4,22 9:9,14 
9:22 11:3,11,15 12:1 
17:2,11,11 18:5 19:8 
19:23 21:17,21 
judgment 21:9 
judicial 1:1 8:15,18,25 
10:9 
K 
kinds 19:21 
knew 16:5,7 18:3 
know 16:10 
L 
lack 18:6,19 
Lakes 2:8 
language 18:14 
Lauderdale 2:4 
law 2:3 3:25 4:9,18 5:23 
6:21 7:8,24 8:7,17 
10:23 11:9,9 16:9 
17:5,20 18:19 
lawsuit 9:8 
leave 3:24 14:12,23 
legal 10:9 13:14 15:19 
legally 19:14 
Leuare 4:13 
level 18:13 
liability 9:13 15:12 
limited 6:19 
listed 18:19 
Literally 18:17 
litigation 6:13 7:4 8:4,7 
8:14 9:5,6,11,19 
21:10 
little 11:18 
Logan 9:9 
long 9:3 
look 9:17 18:17 21:18 
M 
magic 18:14 
main 9:6 
making 20:1 
malice 5:21,24 6:2 7:22 
8:1 10:12 16:4 18:6 
18:22 
malicious 9:23 10:5,7 
11:13 12:11 14:3 
16:17 17:25 
maliciousness 4:12 
Mancusi 10:17 
mandates 9:21 
manslaughter 5:5 
18:15 
Marty 7:11 
matter 4:18 14:6 16:8 
16:22 19:22 
matters 21:7 
ma'am 3:11 20:7 
mean 4:24 18:3 
means 11:10 
mep@searcylaw.com 
2:10 
mere 4:10 7:22 9:12 
merely 15:7 
Middleburke 9:9 
misconduct 5:12 
misuse 6:22 7:15 
Monday 1:15 
monetary 15:25 
morning 12:4 
motion 3:4,5,18 6:21 
7:1 8:8 11:17,21 12:7 
12:17,23,25 13:1,20 
14:11,13 16:22 21:2,3 
21:8,15 
motions 6:14 
Music 4:14 
necessarily 8:18 
necessary 13:1 19:11 
necessity 20:10 
need 13:4 
new 13:24 
North 1:18 
Notary 22:15 
note 5:15 
notes 22:7 
notice 10:1 13:19 
notion 14:8 
number 6:16,17 19:2,3 
O 
obligation 4:2 
obviated 4:1 
obvious 11:3 
occasions 13:10,11 
occurred 6:12 7:7 9:25 
occurring 8:25 
OFFICES 2:3 
Okay 3:11 12:3 17:1 
21:19 
oppression 4:9 
order 6:15,18 12:8 
21:22 
orders 21:1,19,20,21 
outrage 4:9 
outside 7:7,19 9:5,18 
21:6 
P 
pages 1:14 22:6 
Palm 1:1,17,18 2:8,9 
Paragraph 15:10,13,20 
15:24 16:3,4 
part 16:1,2 18:22 20:21 
Payless 7:10 
permitted 3:19 8:17 9:8 
11:7 19:7,14 
Petty 1:22 22:3,14 
placed 16:23 
plain 6:24 11:20 16:11 
plaintiff 1:5 5:16 7:14 
10:10,11 
Plaintiff/Counter-De... 
3:4 
plead 4:2,8 5:17,24,25 
11:24 18:9 19:7,14 
20:2,4,9 
pleading 4:5,7 7:1 8:1 
9:17 11:24 12:10 
20:19 
pleadings 13:8 18:13 
please 12:5 
pled 10:19 19:4,25 
20:20 
podium 3:13 
point 7:19 9:24 10:16 
11:15 17:3 20:1,1 
pointed 7:5 
position 17:6,8,10 
prejudice 10:2,21,24 
11:4 21:14 
preliminarily 8:19 
prerequisite 14:21 
present 10:10 17:19 
previous 21:1,21 
previously 6:14 14:17 
14:19 
privilege 7:4 8:4,7,14 
9:7,11,19 15:14,15 
21:10 
probable 7:23,24 10:12 
18:7,19 
Procedure 4:5 
proceeding 3:22 8:16 
8:18 9:1,3 10:9 
proceedings 3:1 21:25 
22:5 
process 5:21 6:8,10,22 
6:22 7:2,7,13,15,18,20 
8:1,3 12:11 14:2 
16:17 18:8,18,21,23 
19:6 
Professional 1:23 22:3 
22:15 
proffer 15:1,2 16:13 
17:23 18:12 19:3,8 
20:14 
proof 19:4 
proper 5:2 6:17 7:13,18 
properly 4:2 5:17,24 
9:7 20:19 
proposition 4:13 8:20 
9:7 10:16 
prosecuted 16:8 
prosecution 9:23 10:5,8 
10:12 11:13 12:11 
14:3 15:11,21 16:17 
18:1 21:15 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188264
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 4 
protects 8:14 
prove 5:16 18:9 
provide 4:25 10:14 
14:15 
provided 3:9 11:9,18 
15:5 17:5,20 
Public 22:15 
pulling 19:17 
punitive 3:20,23,25 4:2 
4:19,22 5:3,4,18 6:2,4 
7:17,21 8:2 9:21 
11:17,25 13:8 14:5,12 
14:14,22,24 15:4,9 
16:12,18,19 17:16,23 
18:11 19:1,7,12,17,22 
20:2,10,11,14,16,19 
purpose 19:5 
pursuant 8:13 
put 20:14 
P.A 2:3 
O
question 17:12 
R 
raised 6:17 14:6,8 
21:12 
read 3:6 
real 12:18 
really 14:7,10 
reargue 13:9 
reason 11:1,25 15:22 
18:12 
reasons 21:17 
rebuttal 17:1 
receive 3:7 
recitation 7:22 
reckless 5:13 
recklessness 4:12 5:7 
18:14 
record 14:15 15:3 22:6 
recovery 15:4 
reexamine 13:18 
references 21:6 
refile 11:5,7,11 
regard 13:16,21 14:2 
regarding 8:8 17:23 
regardless 9:1 
rehashed 17:15 
rehearing 12:23 13:1,5 
13:20 21:17 
rejected 12:13 13:16 
relate 14:5 
relation 9:3 
relief 14:2 
rely 4:25 5:1 
relying 6:25 11:19 
Rent-a-Car 10:17 
repeatedly 12:12,14 
13:15,23 
report 22:5 
Reported 1:22 
Reporter 1:23 22:1,3 
22:15 
request 12:1 
require 10:8 
required 8:17 11:24 
18:18 
requirement 4:6 6:1 
10:7 
requirements 11:24 
requires 4:6 6:22 
resort 15:18 
respect 6:6,9 8:3 9:22 
11:4 17:23 20:19 21:1 
21:15 
respectfully 12:1 
respond 5:1 
response 3:7,9 11:17 
reusing 6:1 
reverse 12:8 
review 6:19 
reviewed 3:5 
right 11:5 12:23 13:23 
13:23 19:19 
rights 5:7,9 
rise 11:23 18:13,25 
Rothstein 1:7 3:3 
rule 4:4 17:5 
ruled 6:14 13:21 
Rules 4:4 
ruling 4:1 6:20 
S 
satisfied 14:21 
saying 20:9,17 
says 16:19 18:4,4,18 
19:23 20:23 
Scarola 2:8,10 3:9 
11:18 12:3,4,21,25 
17:22 21:24 
Scarola's 17:3 
SCOTT 1:7 
SEARCY 2:8 
second 6:6 
secondly 17:7,16 
seeking 4:22 
sense 19:10 
set 16:10 
setting 5:18 
Seventh 2:3 
sheet 7:1 
short 11:20 
shortly 21:22 
show 5:6 6:15,25 9:5 
21:1 
showed 11:20 
shows 8:9 9:16 11:18 
simply 14:20 
sir 17:2 
solely 16:1,4 
sorry 7:10 17:11 20:8 
Southeast 2:3 
special 4:5 
specific 15:6 
standard 4:6,24 5:4,5 
6:17 7:25 18:15 
standing 3:15 
stands 4:13 
state 4:22 8:7 10:4 
12:10 13:8 14:1 22:15 
stated 8:7,24 12:16 
14:18 21:3 
statement 9:2 11:20 
16:11 
states 7:12 9:10 
statute 19:17 
statutory 14:21 
stay 4:18 
stenographic 22:7 
stenographically 1:22 
22:4 
Street 2:3 
stuff 18:4 
subject 21:8 
submit 21:13 
substance 15:10 
substantially 15:2 
substantiated 15:1 
sued 15:24 
suffered 15:25 
sufficient 12:16 17:16 
19:22 20:13 
suggest 13:10 
suggestions 17:4,4 
suit 9:12 
Suite 2:4 
sum 11:11 
summary 21:8 
summation 11:15 
support 4:11 5:12 6:2 
7:1 12:7 13:2,25 
14:15 15:3,8 17:6 
18:3,16,20 19:9 20:2 
20:10,13,15 
supported 16:13 19:23 
supporting 4:17 16:11 
supposed 20:4 
Supreme 8:21,22 9:10 
10:18 
Sure 3:14 
survive 11:21 
Susan 1:22 22:3,14 
S&I 7:9 
T 
take 21:18 
taken 8:14 9:5 
tell 19:16 
termination 10:6,11,22 
10:25 11:6,8,10,12 
Thank 3:16 12:3 16:24 
21.23,24 
thereto 8:19 
thing 14:13 
things 17:9 
think 13:22 17:8 20:22 
tied 8:15 
time 12:19 14:7,9 16:16 
Tonja 2:3,6 3:16 
Tonja@ tonjahaddad... 
2:5 
tort 5:16,17 18:24 19:1 
19:20 
tortious 9:2 
transcript 22:5 
trial 16:23 21:9 
true 7:21 22:6 
truthfulness 21:4 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188265
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page 5 
tr}ing18:9 
turns 6:7 
two 6:17 7:9 14:18 18:2 
19:3 
type 19:24 
U 
ultimate 4:8,17 20:4,9 
underlying 5:16,17,22 
5:25 11:19 14:1 17:17 
18:7,9,23 
understand 12:24 
17:13 20:7,16,18 
understanding 20:8 
unnecessary 13:22 
unsupportable 16:6 
unsupported 15:7 16:6 
use 4:10 
V 
versus 3:3 4:14 7:10,11 
8:5,20,23 9:9 10:17 
violation 5:9 
voluminous 17:20 
voluntary 10:1,25 11:4 
vs 1:6 
W 
waiving 15:15 
want 13:5 21:19 
wanton 5:12 7:24 
wantonness 4:9,12 
18:14 
wasn't 19:11 
way 4:1 
week 4:21 
weren't 12:22 
West 1:18 2:9 
wherefore 4:21,23 7:16 
9:10 14:20 20:20 
willful 5:12 
withstand 12:16 
word 6:1 7:22 
work 19:11 
Worth 4:14 
written 3:7 
wrong 12:20,22 15:21 
11:14 22:6 
1.1204:4 
1016:3 
10515:10 
1:15 
11th 8:6 
1250 8:6 
16:4 
1352 10:17 
13594:15 
15th 22:9 
19864:15 
1987 5:10 7:12 
1992 8:21 
19949:10 10:18 
2d 4:15 5:10 7:12 8:21 
8:23 10:17 
2007 8:23 
2010 7:11 
2013 1:15 22:9 
2014 22:16 
205 1:18 
2139 2:8 
1:14 22:6 
2622:16 
3d 7:10 
3rd 8:6 
3012:4 
315 2:3 7:10 
33301 2:4 
334011:18 
33409 2:9 
367:10 
372 8:5 
380 8:23 
4864:14 
515:10 
5017:12 
502009CA040800XX... 
1.2 
512 5:10 
561.686.6300 2:9 
598 8:21 
15:13 
63210:17 
8:21 
15:20 
8:16 1:16 
8:40 1:16 21:25 
7:12 
15:24 
9C 1:17 
909 7:10 
950 8:23 
954.467.1223 2:5 
985956 22:16 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188266

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188267.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
-VS-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
Defendants. 
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE DAVID CROW 
Pages 1 through 22 
Monday, February 11, 2013 
8:16 a.m. - 8:40 a.m. 
PALM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, COURTROOM 9C 
205 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Stenographically Reported By: 
SUSAN PETTY, FPR 
Florida Professional Reporter 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188267
--- PAGE 2 ---
s 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, P.A. 
315 Southeast Seventh Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of Bradley J. Edwards: 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA, ET AL, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
EFTA01188268
--- PAGE 3 ---
PROCEEDINGS 
THE COURT: Epstein versus Rothstein. It's thf 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant's motion to dismiss. I 
have reviewed the motion and also the counterclaim. 
I've read some of the citations you've given me. 
did not receive a written response from the 
defendant. 
MR. SCAROLA: The response that we provided, 
Your Honor, was a highlighted copy of the complaint.. 
THE COURT: Then I got it. Okay. Yes, ma'am. 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, may I come up to the 
podium? 
THE COURT: Sure, whatever is comfortable. 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm more comfortable standing. 
Thank you. As you said, Judge -- Tonja Coleman on 
behalf of Mr. Epstein. 
We have filed a motion to dismiss Mr. Edwards' 
fourth amended counterclaim in which he was permitted 
by this court to add a claim for punitive damages. 
We have four basic arguments, and the first of 
which is basically the issue of proceeding with the 
punitive damages. 
Now, this Court did grant Mr. Edwards leave cc 
assert a claim in punitive damages. The law is clear 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188269
--- PAGE 4 ---
that that ruling in no way circumvented or obviated 
Mr. Edwards' obligation to properly plead punitive 
damages. 
Rule 1.120 of the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure governs pleading special damages, and it 
requires a heightened standard of requirement when 
pleading such. 
You must plead ultimate facts demonstrating 
wantonness, oppression, or outrage. And the law is 
very clear; that the mere use of adjectives is and of 
themselves insufficient to support a claim of 
wantonness, recklessness, or maliciousness. And the 
case for which that proposition stands is Leuare 
versus Music & Worth Construction Incorporated, 486 
So. 2d. 1359 Florida First DCA, 1986. 
Allegations that are in an amended complaint 
without supporting ultimate facts are insufficient as 
a matter of law to stay a cause of action for 
punitive damages. 
Here, all Mr. Edwards has done, by his own 
admission last week, is change his wherefore clause 
to state that he is seeking punitive damages. 
Changing the wherefore clause in the complaiht 
does not mean there is a heightened standard, Judge. 
It does not provide one fact upon which we can rely 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188270
--- PAGE 5 ---
and respond or which this court can rely on in 
assessing whether or not it's a proper claim for 
punitive damages. 
The standard for punitive damages, as this 
Court is aware, is that of a manslaughter standard. 
It must show a gross and flagrant character 
evidencing recklessness, indifference to the rights 
or others, which is equivalent to intentional 
violation of those rights. And that's the 
Della-Donna case; 512 So. 2d 1051, Fourth DCA, 1987. 
Edwards fails to allege any additional facts 
that support willful and wanton misconduct or gross 
and flagrant reckless indifference for acts committed 
by Mr. Epstein. 
In addition, Judge, it's very important to note,
that the plaintiff must prove the underlying tort and 
properly plead the underlying tort before even 
setting forth a heightened factual basis for punitive 
damages. 
The first cause of action as asserted by 
Mr. Edwards is abuse of process. Malice is one of 
the underlying elements in that cause of action. 
As such, the law is clear that because 
Mr. Edwards must properly plead malice for his 
underlying cause of action, he must plead a 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188271
--- PAGE 6 ---
heightened requirement other than reusing the word 
malice to support a claim in punitive damages. 
This complaint fails to do so, and because of 
that, the punitive damages allegations should be 
dismissed as to both counts. 
Our second argument with respect to dismissal 
turns us to the changes to the cause of action and 
abuse of process. 
With respect to the cause of action and abuse 
of process, Mr. Epstein -- Mr. Edwards -- excuse me. 
Mr. Edwards' actions -- by his own admission, on Ulf 
four corners of his complaint 
occurred in the 
course of the litigation. 
This Court has previously ruled on motions to 
dismiss in this case, and I brought the order to show 
you that, number one, this argument has not been 
raised before, and, number two, the proper standard 
is delineated in this Court's own order. 
While the Court is confined to a limited review 
of the four corners of the complaint in ruling in a 
motion to dismiss, the law is very, very clear that 
an abuse of process requires misuse of process after 
issue. 
The plain face in the four corners of Edwards' 
own complaint show that he's relying on each and 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188272
--- PAGE 7 ---
every pleading motion on the docket sheet in support 
of his claim of abuse of process. 
On the face of this complaint, Judge, is the 
affirmative defense of litigation privilege and 
irrefutably the fact that not one action was pointed 
to by Mr. Edwards in his complaint or any action that 
occurred outside the process. 
The case law is very, very clear, and I'm going 
to cite two cases for the Court: S&I Investment 
versus Payless, 315 
I'm sorry. 36 So. 3d 909 
Fourth DCA case from 2010, and Marty versus Gresh, 
501 So. 2d 87 Florida First DCA, 1987, which states: 
The dismissal of an abuse of process claim is proper 
if the plaintiff fails to allege any act that 
constitutes misuse of process after it was issued. 
Judge, because the wherefore clause now asks 
for damages as well as punitive damages, dismissal of 
this abuse of process claim is proper because it 
doesn't point to any facts that are outside the 
process. 
The same would hold true for punitive damages. 
The mere recitation of the word "malice" absent 
probable cause is not enough. 
The case law is clear that a wanton probable 
cause isn't even enough heightened -- the standard 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188273
--- PAGE 8 ---
pleading for malice for an abuse of process claim, 
much less for punitive damages. 
Finally, with respect to that abuse of process 
claim, Judge, is the issue of litigation privilege. 
In Jackson versus Bellsouth Communications, 372 
F 3rd 1250, the 11th circuit in applying the Florida 
state law stated that the litigation privilege should 
be considered regarding a motion to dismiss when the 
complaint affirmatively and clearly shows the 
conclusive applicability of the defense to bar the 
action. 
Every fact alleged by Mr. Edwards in his 
complaint is afforded immunity pursuant to the 
litigation privilege. It protects all acts taken 
that are functionally tied to the judicial 
proceeding, and there arises immediately upon doing 
of any act required or permitted by law in the due 
course of the judicial proceeding or is necessarily 
preliminarily thereto. 
For that proposition, Fridovich versus
Fridovich 598 So. 2d 65 Florida Supreme Court, 1992. 
In addition, Judge, the Florida Supreme Court 
in 2007 in Echevarria versus Cole, 950 So. 2d 380, 
stated: Absolute immunity must be afforded to any 
act occurring during the course of a judicial 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188274
--- PAGE 9 ---
proceeding regardless of whether the act involves a 
defamatory statement or other tortious behavior so 
long as it bears some relation to the proceeding. 
Here, not only does Edwards' own facts fail t 
show any action taken outside the litigation, 
Edwards' main complaint actually asserts litigation 
privilege for the proposition that he was properly 
permitted to file this lawsuit against Mr. Epstein. 
In addition, Judge, Logan versus Middleburke 
wherefore the Supreme Court in 1994 states that the 
litigation privilege affords a defendant immunity 
from suit. It's more than a mere defense to a 
liability. 
As such, Judge, because the dismissal is 
appropriate when the complaint affirmatively and 
clearly shows the defense on the face of the 
pleading, and this Court is now being asked to look 
outside the four corners of the complaint. Because 
the applicability of the litigation privilege 
completely bars this action and bars any claim for 
punitive damages and mandates dismissal. 
Finally, Judge, with respect to the last caul.-:
of action, which is malicious prosecution, we would 
point out to the Court that the change that has 
occurred since we were last here is that Mr. Epstein 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188275
--- PAGE 10 ---
has filed a notice of voluntary dismissal without 
prejudice in his case-in-chief against Mr. Epstein 
Edwards. Excuse me. 
However, he cannot state a cause of action for 
malicious prosecution because this is not a bona fide 
termination in Edwards' favor. 
The elements or requirement for a malicious 
prosecution claim require the commencement of a 
judicial proceeding, its legal causation where the 
present defendant against the plaintiff, its bona 
fide termination in favor of the plaintiff, the 
absence of probable for prosecution, malice and 
damages. 
The failure to provide one of these elements in 
a complaint is fatal to the entire claim. For that 
proposition we would point the Court to Alamo 
Rent-a-Car versus Mancusi, 632 So. 2d 1352, again,
Florida Supreme Court case from 1994. 
Edwards pled that Epstein abandoned his claim 
and that this count of being -- the complaint being 
dismissed without prejudice is a bona fide 
termination. 
However, the law is very, very clear that this 
dismissal without prejudice is not a bona fide 
termination, because it was voluntary and not basca 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188276
--- PAGE 11 ---
on a reason inconsistent with the guilt of the 
accused. 
In addition, Judge, it's very obvious that with 
respect to a voluntary dismissal without prejudice, 
Mr. Epstein, would refile his case right now if it 
were a bona fide termination of the cause of action. 
We would not be permitted to refile the case. It 
would be, in fact, a termination as defined by the 
law and is provided for by the case law interpreting 
what a bona fide termination means. 
In sum, Judge, because we could refile the 
case, there is no bona fide termination, and the 
cause of action for malicious prosecution should also 
be dismissed. 
In summation, Judge, we would point that while 
Mr. Edwards did file a fourth amended counterclaim 
for punitive damages, the response to our motion to 
dismiss as provided by Mr. Scarola shows little morn 
than he is relying upon the underlying facts which 
this Court agreed showed a short and plain statement 
of the facts to survive a motion to dismiss under an 
initial cause of action. 
It did not, however, rise to the heightened 
pleading requirements that would be required to plead 
a claim in punitive damages, and for that reason, 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188277
--- PAGE 12 ---
Judge, we respectfully request that the fourth 
amended counterclaim be dismissed. 
THE COURT: Okay. Thank you. Mr. Scarola. 
MR. SCAROLA: Good morning, Your Honor, may it 
please the Court. 
Let me begin, if I could, by addressing the 
arguments that were made in support of this motion in 
reverse order. 
The last of the arguments were an attack on the 
adequacy of this pleading to state claims for abuse 
of process and malicious prosecution. 
Your Honor has heard those arguments repeatedly 
in the past, and Your Honor has rejected those 
arguments repeatedly in the past. 
Your Honor has found that the allegations 
stated in this complaint are sufficient to withstand 
a motion to dismiss. 
So the only real issue before this court at 
this time --
THE COURT: Well, I could have been wrong. 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, Your Honor, you could have 
been wrong, but you weren't. You were absolutely 
right, and this isn't a motion for rehearing. 
THE COURT: I understand. 
MR. SCAROLA: If it were a motion for 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561—835-0220 
EFTA01188278
--- PAGE 13 ---
rehearing, it would be necessary to file that motion 
to support it with something other than what has been 
argued before, which hasn't been done. And Your 
Honor would then need to make a determination as to 
whether you want to grant the rehearing. None of 
that has been done. 
/n the guise of attacking the adequacy of these 
pleadings to state a claim for punitive damages, they 
have attempted to reargue everything that we have 
argued. I suggest to Your Honor on many occasions, 
not just one, but many occasions in the context of 
both the claims that were brought against Mr. Edwards 
and in the context of the claims that we have brought 
against Mr. Epstein, all of those legal issues have 
been repeatedly examined by Your Honor and they have 
been rejected with regard to their application to 
this complaint. 
So if it is Your Honor's intention to reexam 
those again, I would like notice of the fact that 
Your Honor is granting a motion for rehearing with 
regard to issues that you have already ruled upon. 
I think that that's entirely unnecessary. You 
were right before. You were right repeatedly before, 
and there is no basis, because there is no new 
argument to Support the contention now that those 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188279
--- PAGE 14 ---
underlying allegations somehow failed to state a 
claim for relief with regard to both abuse of process 
and malicious prosecution. 
So let me address the adequacy of the 
allegations as they relate to punitive damages, 
because that is a matter that is being raised beforf 
Your Honor, not really for the first time, but it is 
being raised in the context of this notion to dismiss 
for the first time. 
The adequacy of the allegations was really 
addressed when Your Honor granted the motion for 
leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
damages, because the only thing that the motion to 
assert a claim for punitive damages did was to 
provide record evidence to support the factual 
allegations included in the complaint. 
As I have informed Your Honor previously, then 
is only one change to each of the two claims stated 
previously, and that one change is a change to the 
wherefore clause. And it simply asserts that having 
satisfied the statutory prerequisite for the 
assertion of a claim for punitive damages, having 
been granted leave to amend, we are amending to 
assert a claim for punitive damages on the basis of 
the allegations that were already made and already 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188280
--- PAGE 15 ---
substantiated in a proffer. And, in fact, 
substantially more than just a proffer of evidence, 
an indication of clear record evidence to support the 
recovery of punitive damages. 
I provided Your Honor with a highlighted copy 
of the complaint and the specific factual 
allegations, not merely adjectives or unsupported 
conclusions, but factual allegations to support the 
claim for punitive damages. 
In Paragraph 5 we allege in substance that 
Mr. Epstein faced and faces criminal prosecution in 
civil liability. 
/n Paragraph 6 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
asserted his fifth amendment privilege, had no 
intention of waiving that privilege and had no 
defense to the criminal claims against him or the 
civil claims that were being brought against him. 
And so he decided to resort to extortion since he 
didn't have any legal defense. 
In Paragraph 8 we allege that Mr. Edwards dia 
nothing wrong in the prosecution of his cases against 
Mr. Epstein, and Mr. Epstein had no reason to believe 
otherwise. 
In Paragraph 9 we allege that Mr. Epstein sued 
for monetary damages when he had suffered none, and 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188281
--- PAGE 16 ---
that the damage claim was solely part of an 
extortionate effort on Mr. Epstein's part. 
In Paragraph 10 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
acted solely out of malice, and in Paragraph 13 we 
allege that Mr. Epstein knew not only that the claims 
were factually unsupported and unsupportable, but 
that he also knew that the charges against 
Mr. Edwards could not be prosecuted as a matter of 
law. 
I don't know how you can more clearly set forth 
a plain and concise statement of the facts supporting 
an entitlement to punitive damages as has been 
supported by the proffer than as exists in this 
complaint. 
The fact that the allegations were not changed 
between the time that we asserted our claim for abuse 
of process and malicious prosecution without a claim 
for punitive damages and when we added the claim for 
punitive damages says nothing about the adequacy of 
those allegations. They were adequate from the 
beginning. They are adequate now, and this is a 
motion that should be denied, so that this matter can 
be placed at issue. And we can finally get a trial 
date in this now four-year-old case. Thank you, Your 
Honor. 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188282
--- PAGE 17 ---
THE COURT: Okay. Brief rebuttal. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir. First, Judge I would 
point out to the court that while Mr. Scarola's 
suggestions and assertions are just that, suggestions 
and assertions, he has provided not one rule of law 
or one case to support any of his position. 
Secondly, while --
THE COURT: I think his position would be all 
the things you've cited. 
MS. COLEMAN: Maybe that is his position, 
Judge, but he didn't argue it, Judge. I'm sorry. 
THE COURT: Yes. And then the question is, 
I understand it, is whether or not the facts --
whether they were at issue as alleged or it's been 
rehashed into something else -- in and of themselves 
are sufficient for punitive damages. And secondly, 
whether or not the underlying cause of action of 
that --
MS. COLEMAN: And we present, based upon the 
voluminous amount of case law which we have provided, 
that they do not. 
Mr. Scarola came up here and argued with 
respect to his proffer regarding the punitive 
damages. Not one fact was --
THE COURT: What he said was malicious 
as 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188283
--- PAGE 18 ---
prosecution does not include the allegations that you 
made against him and his client were false. Two, 
that you knew you couldn't support that, and, I mean, 
he says a whole bunch of stuff he says in here. 
MS. COLEMAN: If I may, Judge, all of those 
issues; the extortion, the malice, the lack of 
probable cause are elements of the underlying cause 
of action of abuse of process. 
/f trying to plead and prove those underlying 
causes of action elements were enough, everyone would 
be in it for punitive damages. There would be no 
reason for a proffer. 
Those pleadings do not rise to the level of thf 
magic language. The wantonness, the recklessness, 
the manslaughter standard, none of those facts 
support those elements. 
Literally if you look at the cause of action 
for abuse of process and what is required, it says: 
Lack of probable cause would be listed. The case law 
is very clear that that isn't even enough to support 
a cause of action for abuse of process. 
But extortion and malice are all part of the 
underlying cause of action for abuse of process. 
is an intentional tort. 
Therefore, you must rise above 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188284
--- PAGE 19 ---
tort elements to get to punitive damages. This 
complaint fails to do that, number one. 
Number two, if this proffer had all this 
additional proof, it should have been pled in the 
complaint. That's the whole purpose of going through 
the discovery process and finding out that 
information before you're permitted to plead punitive 
damages, Judge, is to make an evidentiary proffer tc 
support the claim. 
Why, in common sense, would we go through all 
of that work if it wasn't necessary to add those 
elements to the complaint as punitive damages. 
This is not an attorney's fees complaint. If 
someone is permitted legally to plead attorney's 
fees --
THE COURT: I can tell you why, because of the 
statute, because everybody's pulling punitive damages 
without --
MS. COLEMAN: Right. 
THE COURT: -- any gatekeeper. In tort cases 
now, they make all kinds of horrible allegations, nc 
matter whether or not that's sufficient for punitivf 
damages, the judge says you supported those 
allegations with some type of facts. 
MS. COLEMAN: So those facts should be pled. 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188285
--- PAGE 20 ---
That's exactly my point. You're making my point . 
You have to plead the facts that support punitive 
damages. 
THE COURT: You're supposed to plead ultimate 
facts. 
MS. COLEMAN: If I had --
THE COURT: I understand that, ma'am. Are you 
understanding me? I'm sorry. I apologize. 
I'm saying that you can plead ultimate facts 
which support a punitive claim without the necessity 
of actually having that punitive claim. 
And the fact that all the facts alleged in the 
complaint may be sufficient to support a claim for 
punitive damages, you must put a proffer of evidence 
to support those allegations before you can actually 
get punitive damages. Do you understand what I'm 
saying? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. I understand it, but with 
respect to properly pleading punitive damages, it's 
only in a wherefore clause. It's not pled. It's not 
part of the complaint. 
THE COURT: I think that's the issue I have to 
decide. You say it isn't. He says it is. 
MS. COLEMAN: In addition, I would just like cc 
bring to the Court's attention -- I brought copies of 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188286
--- PAGE 21 ---
previous orders, and they show that with respect to 
denying the motion to dismiss, for example, you 
stated: The motion to dismiss deals with the 
truthfulness of the allegations against the 
defendant, affirmative defenses that may be available 
to the defendant and have references outside the four 
corners of the complaint. These matters are more 
appropriate for a subject of a motion for summary 
judgment in their defenses at trial. The issues of 
the litigation privilege and the issues as they 
appear on face of the complaint -- the claim has not 
been raised before. 
I would also submit to the Court, because we 
just dismissed case without prejudice, that issue 
with respect to the motion for prosecution has not 
yet been heard before the Court either. For those 
reasons, Judge, this is not a rehearing. 
THE COURT: I'm going to have to take a look at 
this again. Okay? You want to give me the orders? 
MS. COLEMAN: Those are copies of your orders, 
previous orders, Judge. 
THE COURT: You should get an order shortly. 
Thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much, Your Honor. 
The proceedings concluded at 8:40 a.m.) 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188287
--- PAGE 22 ---
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
I, Susan Petty, Florida Professional Reporter, 
certify that I was authorized to and did stenographically 
report the foregoing proceedings and that the transcript, 
pages 1 through 22, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 15th day of February, 2013. 
Susan 
Flori 
al reporter 
Notar. 
Ic,'-'5 
e of Florida 
Commission No.: #DD 985956 
Commission Expires: April 26, 2014 
OsaMos*, 
tr. 
ti 
-Q 3 
JO 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188288
--- PAGE 23 ---
Page 1 
A 
abandoned 10:19 
absence 10:12 
absent 7:22 
Absolute 8:24 
absolutely 12:22 
abuse 5:21 6:8,9,22 7:2 
7:13,18 8:1,3 12:10 
14:2 16:16 18:8,18,21 
18:23 
accused 11:2 
act 7:14 8:17,25 9:1 
acted 16:4 
action 4:18 5:20,22,25 
6:7,9 7:5,6 8:11 9:5 
9:20,23 10:4 11:6,13 
11:22 17:17 18:8,10 
18:17,21,23 
actions 6:11 
acts 5:13 8:14 
add 3:20 19:11 
added 16:18 
addition 5:15 8:22 9:9 
11:3 20:24 
additional 5:11 19:4 
address 14:4 
addressed 14:11 
addressing 12:6 
adequacy 12:10 13:7 
14:4,10 16:19 
adequate 16:20,21 
adjectives 4:10 15:7 
admission 4:21 6:11 
affirmative 7:4 21:5 
affirmatively 8:9 9:15 
afforded 8:13,24 
affords 9:1 I 
agreed 11.20 
AL 2:8 
Alamo 10:16 
allegations 4:16 6:4 
12:15 14:1,5,10,16,25 
15:7,8 16:15,20 18:1 
19:21,24 20:15 21:4 
allege 5:11 7:14 15:10 
15:13,20,24 16:3,5 
alleged 8:12 17:14 
20:12 
amend 14:12,23 
amended 3:19 4:16 
11:16 12:2 
amending 14:23 
amendment 15:14 
amount 17:20 
apologize 20:8 
appear 21:11 
APPEARANCES 2:1 
applicability 8:10 9:19 
application 13:16 
applying 8:6 
appropriate 9:15 21:8 
April 22:16 
argue 17:11 
argued 13:3,10 17:22 
argument 6:6,16 13:25 
arguments 3:21 12:7,9 
12:12,14 
arises 8:16 
asked 9:17 
asks 7:16 
assert 3:25 14:12,14,24 
asserted 5:20 15:14 
16:16 
assertion 14:22 
assertions 17:4,5 
asserts 9:6 14:20 
assessing 5:2 
attack 12:9 
attacking 13:7 
attempted 13:9 
attention 20:25 
attorney's 19:13,14 
authorized 22:4 
available 21:5 
aware 5:5 
a.m 1:16,16 21:25 
B 
bar 8:10 
bars 9:20,20 
based 10:25 17:19 
basic 3:21 
basically 3:22 
basis 5:18 13:24 14:24 
Beach 1:1,17,18 2:8,9 
bears 9:3 
beginning 16:21 
behalf 2:2,7 3:17 
behavior 9:2 
believe 15:22 
Bellsouth 8:5 
bona 10:5,10,21,24 
11.6,10,12 
Boulevard 2:8 
Bradley 1:8 2:7 
Brief 17:1 
bring 20:25 
brought 6:15 13:12,13 
15:17 20:25 
bunch 18:4 
C 
case 1:2 4:13 5:10 6:15 
7:8,11,24 10:18 11:5 
11:7,9,12 16:24 17:6 
17:20 18:19 21:14 
cases 7:9 15:21 19:20 
ease-in-chief 10:2 
causation 10:9 
cause 4:18 5:20,22,25 
6:7,9 7:23,25 9:22 
10:4 11:6,13,22 17:17 
18:7,7,17,19,21,23 
causes 18:10 
CERTIFICATE 22:1 
certify 22:4 
change 4:21 9:24 14:18 
14:19,19 
changed 16:15 
changes 6:7 
Changing 4:23 
character 5:6 
charges 16:7 
circuit 1:1,1 8:6 
circumvented 4:1 
citations 3:6 
cite 7:9 
cited 17:9 
civil 4:4 15:12,17 
claim 3:20,25 4:11 5:2 
6:2 7:2,13,18 8:1,4 
9:20 10:8,15,19 11:25 
13:8 14:2,12,14,22,24 
15:9 16:1,16,17,18 
19:9 20:10,11,13 
21:11 
claims 12:10 13:12,13 
14:18 15:16,17 16:5 
clause 4:21,23 7:16 
14:20 20:20 
clear 3:25 4:10 5:23 
6:21 7:8,24 10:23 
15:3 18:20 
clearly 8:9 9:16 16:10 
client 18:2 
Cole 8:23 
Coleman 2:3,6 3:12,15 
3:16 17:2,10,19 18:5 
19:19,25 20:6,18,24 
21:20 
come 3:12 
comfortable 3:14,15 
commencement 10:8 
Commission 22:16,16 
committed 5:13 
common 19:10 
Communications 8:5 
complaint 3:10 4:16,23 
6:3,12,20,25 7:3,6 8:9 
8:13 9:6,15,18 10:15 
10:20 12:16 13:17 
14:16 15:6 16:14 19:2 
19:5,12,13 20:13,21 
21:7,11 
complete 22:6 
completely 9:20 
concise 16:11 
concluded 21:25 
conclusions 15:8 
conclusive 8:10 
confined 6:19 
considered 8:8 
constitutes 7:15 
Construction 4:14 
contention 13:25 
context 13: 11,13 14:8 
copies 20:25 21:20 
copy 3:10 15:5 
corners 6:12,20,24 9:18 
21:7 
count 10:20 
counterclaim 3:5,19 
11.16 12:2 
counts 6:5 
COUNTY 1:1,17 
course 6:13 8:18,25 
court 1:1 3:3,11,14,20 
3:24 5:1,5 6:14,19 7:9 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188289
--- PAGE 24 ---
Page 2 
8:21,22 9:10,17,24 
10:16,18 11:20 12:3,5 
12:18,20,24 17:1,3,8 
17:12,25 19:16,20 
20:4,7,22 21:13,16,18 
21:22 
COURTHOUSE 1:17 
COURTROOM 1:17 
Court's 6:18 20:25 
criminal 15:11,16 
CROW 1:13 
D 
damage 16:1 
damages 3:20,23,25 4:3 
4:5,19,22 5:3,4,19 6:2 
6:4 7:17,17,21 8:2 
9:21 10:13 11:17,25 
13:8 14:5,13,14,22,24 
15:4,9,25 16:12,18,19 
17:16,24 18:11 19:1,8 
19:12,17,23 20:3,14 
20:16,19 
date 16:24 
Dated 22:9 
DAVID 1:13 
day 22:9 
DCA 4:15 5:10 7:11,12 
DD 22:16 
deals 21:3 
decide 20:23 
decided 15:18 
defamatory 9:2 
defendant 3:8 9:11 
10:10 21:5,6 
Defendants 1:9 
defense 7:4 8:10 9:12 
9:16 15:16,19 
defenses 21:5,9 
defined 11:8 
delineated 6:18 
Della-Donna 5:10 
demonstrating 4:8 
denied 16:22 
DENNEY 2:8 
denying 21:2 
determination 13:4 
discovery 19:6 
dismiss 3:4,18 6:15,21 
8:8 11:18,21 12:17 
14:8 21:2,3 
dismissal 6:6 7:13,17 
9:14,21 10:1,24 11:4 
dismissed 6:5 10:21 
11:14 12:2 21:14 
Dixie 1:18 
docket 7:1 
doing 8:16 
due 8:17 
E 
Echevarria 8:23 
Edwards 1:8 2:7 3:18 
3:24 4:2,20 5:11,21 
5:24 6:10,11,24 7:6 
8:12 9:4,6 10:3,6,19 
11:16 13:12 15:20 
16:8 
effort 16:2 
either 21:16 
elements 5:22 10:7,14 
18:7,10,16 19:1,12 
entire 10:15 
entirely 13:22 
entitlement 16:12 
Epstein 1:4 2:2 3:3,17 
5:14 6:10 9:8,25 10:2 
10:19 11:5 13:14 
15:11,13,22,22,24 
16:3,5 
Epstein's 16:2 
equivalent 5:8 
ESQUIRE 2:6,10 
ET 2:8 
everybody's 19:17 
evidence 14:15 15:2,3 
20:14 
evidencing 5:7 
evidentiary 19:8 
exactly 20:1 
examined 13:15 
example 21:2 
excuse 6:10 10:3 
exists 16:13 
Expires 22:16 
extortion 15:18 18:6,22 
extortionate 16:2 
F 8:6 
F 
face 6:24 7:3 9:16 21:11 
faced 15:11 
faces 15:11 
fact 4:25 7:5 8:12 11:8 
13:19 15:1 16:15 
17:24 20:12 
facts 4:8,17 5:11 7:19 
9:4 11:19,21 16:11 
17:13 18:15 19:24,25 
20:2,5,9,12 
factual 5:18 14:15 15:6 
15:8 
factually 16:6 
fail 9:4 
failed 14:1 
fails 5:11 6:3 7:14 19:2 
failure 10:14 
false 18:2 
fatal 10:15 
favor 10:6,11 
February 1:15 22:9 
fees 19:13,15 
fide 10:5,11,21,24 11:6 
11:10,12 
FIFTEENTH 1:1 
fifth 15:14 
file 9:8 11:16 13:1 
filed 3:18 10:1 
finally 8:3 9:22 16:23 
finding 19:6 
first 3:21 4:15 5:20 
7:12 14:7,9 17:2 
flagrant 5:6,13 
Florida 1:1,18,23 2:4,9 
4:4,15 7:12 8:6,21,22 
10:18 22:3,15,15 
foregoing 22:5 
Fort 2:4 
forth 5:18 16:10 
found 12:15 
four 3:21 6:12,20,24 
9:18 21:6 
fourth 3:19 5:10 7:11 
11.16 12:1 
four-year-old 16:24 
FPR 1:22 22:14 
Fridovich 8:20,21 
functionally 8:15 
G 
gatekeeper 19:20 
give 21:19 
given 3:6 
go 19:10 
going 7:8 19:5 21:18 
Good 12:4 
governs 4:5 
grant 3:24 13:5 
granted 14:11,23 
granting 13:20 
Gresh 7:11 
gross 5:6,12 
guilt 11:1 
guise 13:7 
H 
HADDAD 2:3,6 
heard 12:12 21:16 
HEARING 1:13 
heightened 4:6,24 5:18 
6:1 7:25 11:23 
highlighted 3:10 15:5 
Highway 1:18 
hold 7:21 
Honor 3:10 12:4,12,13 
12:15,21 13:4,10,15 
13:20 14:7,11,17 15:5 
16:25 21:24 
HONORABLE 1:13 
Honor's 13:18 
horrible 19:21 
I 
immediately 8:16 
immunity 8:13,24 9:11 
important 5:15 
include 18:1 
included 14:16 
inconsistent 11:1 
Incorporated 4:14 
indication 15:3 
indifference 5:7,13 
individually 1:7,8 
information 19:7 
informed 14:17 
initial 11:22 
insufficient 4:11,17 
intention 13:18 15:15 
intentional 5:8 18:24 
18:25 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188290
--- PAGE 25 ---
Page 3 
interpreting 11:9 
Investments 7:9 
involves 9:1 
irrefutably 7:5 
issue 3:22 6:23 8:4 
12:18 16:23 17:14 
20:22 21:14 
issued 7:15 
issues 13:14,21 18:6 
21:9,10 
J 
J 1:8 2:7 
JACK 2:10 
Jackson 8:5 
Jeffrey 1:4 2:2 
judge 3:12,16 4:24 5:15 
7:3,16 8:4,22 9:9,14 
9:22 11:3,11,15 12:1 
17:2,11,11 18:5 19:8 
19:23 21:17,21 
judgment 21:9 
judicial 1:1 8:15,18,25 
10:9 
K 
kinds 19:21 
knew 16:5,7 18:3 
know 16:10 
L 
lack 18:6,19 
Lakes 2:8 
language 18:14 
Lauderdale 2:4 
law 2:3 3:25 4:9,18 5:23 
6:21 7:8,24 8:7,17 
10:23 11:9,9 16:9 
17:5,20 18:19 
lawsuit 9:8 
leave 3:24 14:12,23 
legal 10:9 13:14 15:19 
legally 19:14 
Leuare 4:13 
level 18:13 
liability 9:13 15:12 
limited 6:19 
listed 18:19 
Literally 18:17 
litigation 6:13 7:4 8:4,7 
8:14 9:5,6,11,19 
21:10 
little 11:18 
Logan 9:9 
long 9:3 
look 9:17 18:17 21:18 
M 
magic 18:14 
main 9:6 
making 20:1 
malice 5:21,24 6:2 7:22 
8:1 10:12 16:4 18:6 
18:22 
malicious 9:23 10:5,7 
11:13 12:11 14:3 
16:17 17:25 
maliciousness 4:12 
Mancusi 10:17 
mandates 9:21 
manslaughter 5:5 
18:15 
Marty 7:11 
matter 4:18 14:6 16:8 
16:22 19:22 
matters 21:7 
ma'am 3:11 20:7 
mean 4:24 18:3 
means 11:10 
mep@searcylaw.com 
2:10 
mere 4:10 7:22 9:12 
merely 15:7 
Middleburke 9:9 
misconduct 5:12 
misuse 6:22 7:15 
Monday 1:15 
monetary 15:25 
morning 12:4 
motion 3:4,5,18 6:21 
7:1 8:8 11:17,21 12:7 
12:17,23,25 13:1,20 
14:11,13 16:22 21:2,3 
21:8,15 
motions 6:14 
Music 4:14 
necessarily 8:18 
necessary 13:1 19:11 
necessity 20:10 
need 13:4 
new 13:24 
North 1:18 
Notary 22:15 
note 5:15 
notes 22:7 
notice 10:1 13:19 
notion 14:8 
number 6:16,17 19:2,3 
O 
obligation 4:2 
obviated 4:1 
obvious 11:3 
occasions 13:10,11 
occurred 6:12 7:7 9:25 
occurring 8:25 
OFFICES 2:3 
Okay 3:11 12:3 17:1 
21:19 
oppression 4:9 
order 6:15,18 12:8 
21:22 
orders 21:1,19,20,21 
outrage 4:9 
outside 7:7,19 9:5,18 
21:6 
P 
pages 1:14 22:6 
Palm 1:1,17,18 2:8,9 
Paragraph 15:10,13,20 
15:24 16:3,4 
part 16:1,2 18:22 20:21 
Payless 7:10 
permitted 3:19 8:17 9:8 
11:7 19:7,14 
Petty 1:22 22:3,14 
placed 16:23 
plain 6:24 11:20 16:11 
plaintiff 1:5 5:16 7:14 
10:10,11 
Plaintiff/Counter-De... 
3:4 
plead 4:2,8 5:17,24,25 
11:24 18:9 19:7,14 
20:2,4,9 
pleading 4:5,7 7:1 8:1 
9:17 11:24 12:10 
20:19 
pleadings 13:8 18:13 
please 12:5 
pled 10:19 19:4,25 
20:20 
podium 3:13 
point 7:19 9:24 10:16 
11:15 17:3 20:1,1 
pointed 7:5 
position 17:6,8,10 
prejudice 10:2,21,24 
11:4 21:14 
preliminarily 8:19 
prerequisite 14:21 
present 10:10 17:19 
previous 21:1,21 
previously 6:14 14:17 
14:19 
privilege 7:4 8:4,7,14 
9:7,11,19 15:14,15 
21:10 
probable 7:23,24 10:12 
18:7,19 
Procedure 4:5 
proceeding 3:22 8:16 
8:18 9:1,3 10:9 
proceedings 3:1 21:25 
22:5 
process 5:21 6:8,10,22 
6:22 7:2,7,13,15,18,20 
8:1,3 12:11 14:2 
16:17 18:8,18,21,23 
19:6 
Professional 1:23 22:3 
22:15 
proffer 15:1,2 16:13 
17:23 18:12 19:3,8 
20:14 
proof 19:4 
proper 5:2 6:17 7:13,18 
properly 4:2 5:17,24 
9:7 20:19 
proposition 4:13 8:20 
9:7 10:16 
prosecuted 16:8 
prosecution 9:23 10:5,8 
10:12 11:13 12:11 
14:3 15:11,21 16:17 
18:1 21:15 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188291
--- PAGE 26 ---
Page 4 
protects 8:14 
prove 5:16 18:9 
provide 4:25 10:14 
14:15 
provided 3:9 11:9,18 
15:5 17:5,20 
Public 22:15 
pulling 19:17 
punitive 3:20,23,25 4:2 
4:19,22 5:3,4,18 6:2,4 
7:17,21 8:2 9:21 
11:17,25 13:8 14:5,12 
14:14,22,24 15:4,9 
16:12,18,19 17:16,23 
18:11 19:1,7,12,17,22 
20:2,10,11,14,16,19 
purpose 19:5 
pursuant 8:13 
put 20:14 
P.A 2:3 
O
question 17:12 
R 
raised 6:17 14:6,8 
21:12 
read 3:6 
real 12:18 
really 14:7,10 
reargue 13:9 
reason 11:1,25 15:22 
18:12 
reasons 21:17 
rebuttal 17:1 
receive 3:7 
recitation 7:22 
reckless 5:13 
recklessness 4:12 5:7 
18:14 
record 14:15 15:3 22:6 
recovery 15:4 
reexamine 13:18 
references 21:6 
refile 11:5,7,11 
regard 13:16,21 14:2 
regarding 8:8 17:23 
regardless 9:1 
rehashed 17:15 
rehearing 12:23 13:1,5 
13:20 21:17 
rejected 12:13 13:16 
relate 14:5 
relation 9:3 
relief 14:2 
rely 4:25 5:1 
relying 6:25 11:19 
Rent-a-Car 10:17 
repeatedly 12:12,14 
13:15,23 
report 22:5 
Reported 1:22 
Reporter 1:23 22:1,3 
22:15 
request 12:1 
require 10:8 
required 8:17 11:24 
18:18 
requirement 4:6 6:1 
10:7 
requirements 11:24 
requires 4:6 6:22 
resort 15:18 
respect 6:6,9 8:3 9:22 
11:4 17:23 20:19 21:1 
21:15 
respectfully 12:1 
respond 5:1 
response 3:7,9 11:17 
reusing 6:1 
reverse 12:8 
review 6:19 
reviewed 3:5 
right 11:5 12:23 13:23 
13:23 19:19 
rights 5:7,9 
rise 11:23 18:13,25 
Rothstein 1:7 3:3 
rule 4:4 17:5 
ruled 6:14 13:21 
Rules 4:4 
ruling 4:1 6:20 
S 
satisfied 14:21 
saying 20:9,17 
says 16:19 18:4,4,18 
19:23 20:23 
Scarola 2:8,10 3:9 
11:18 12:3,4,21,25 
17:22 21:24 
Scarola's 17:3 
SCOTT 1:7 
SEARCY 2:8 
second 6:6 
secondly 17:7,16 
seeking 4:22 
sense 19:10 
set 16:10 
setting 5:18 
Seventh 2:3 
sheet 7:1 
short 11:20 
shortly 21:22 
show 5:6 6:15,25 9:5 
21:1 
showed 11:20 
shows 8:9 9:16 11:18 
simply 14:20 
sir 17:2 
solely 16:1,4 
sorry 7:10 17:11 20:8 
Southeast 2:3 
special 4:5 
specific 15:6 
standard 4:6,24 5:4,5 
6:17 7:25 18:15 
standing 3:15 
stands 4:13 
state 4:22 8:7 10:4 
12:10 13:8 14:1 22:15 
stated 8:7,24 12:16 
14:18 21:3 
statement 9:2 11:20 
16:11 
states 7:12 9:10 
statute 19:17 
statutory 14:21 
stay 4:18 
stenographic 22:7 
stenographically 1:22 
22:4 
Street 2:3 
stuff 18:4 
subject 21:8 
submit 21:13 
substance 15:10 
substantially 15:2 
substantiated 15:1 
sued 15:24 
suffered 15:25 
sufficient 12:16 17:16 
19:22 20:13 
suggest 13:10 
suggestions 17:4,4 
suit 9:12 
Suite 2:4 
sum 11:11 
summary 21:8 
summation 11:15 
support 4:11 5:12 6:2 
7:1 12:7 13:2,25 
14:15 15:3,8 17:6 
18:3,16,20 19:9 20:2 
20:10,13,15 
supported 16:13 19:23 
supporting 4:17 16:11 
supposed 20:4 
Supreme 8:21,22 9:10 
10:18 
Sure 3:14 
survive 11:21 
Susan 1:22 22:3,14 
S&I 7:9 
T 
take 21:18 
taken 8:14 9:5 
tell 19:16 
termination 10:6,11,22 
10:25 11:6,8,10,12 
Thank 3:16 12:3 16:24 
21.23,24 
thereto 8:19 
thing 14:13 
things 17:9 
think 13:22 17:8 20:22 
tied 8:15 
time 12:19 14:7,9 16:16 
Tonja 2:3,6 3:16 
Tonja@ tonjahaddad... 
2:5 
tort 5:16,17 18:24 19:1 
19:20 
tortious 9:2 
transcript 22:5 
trial 16:23 21:9 
true 7:21 22:6 
truthfulness 21:4 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188292
--- PAGE 27 ---
Page 5 
tr}ing18:9 
turns 6:7 
two 6:17 7:9 14:18 18:2 
19:3 
type 19:24 
U 
ultimate 4:8,17 20:4,9 
underlying 5:16,17,22 
5:25 11:19 14:1 17:17 
18:7,9,23 
understand 12:24 
17:13 20:7,16,18 
understanding 20:8 
unnecessary 13:22 
unsupportable 16:6 
unsupported 15:7 16:6 
use 4:10 
V 
versus 3:3 4:14 7:10,11 
8:5,20,23 9:9 10:17 
violation 5:9 
voluminous 17:20 
voluntary 10:1,25 11:4 
vs 1:6 
W 
waiving 15:15 
want 13:5 21:19 
wanton 5:12 7:24 
wantonness 4:9,12 
18:14 
wasn't 19:11 
way 4:1 
week 4:21 
weren't 12:22 
West 1:18 2:9 
wherefore 4:21,23 7:16 
9:10 14:20 20:20 
willful 5:12 
withstand 12:16 
word 6:1 7:22 
work 19:11 
Worth 4:14 
written 3:7 
wrong 12:20,22 15:21 
11:14 22:6 
1.1204:4 
1016:3 
10515:10 
1:15 
11th 8:6 
1250 8:6 
16:4 
1352 10:17 
13594:15 
15th 22:9 
19864:15 
1987 5:10 7:12 
1992 8:21 
19949:10 10:18 
2d 4:15 5:10 7:12 8:21 
8:23 10:17 
2007 8:23 
2010 7:11 
2013 1:15 22:9 
2014 22:16 
205 1:18 
2139 2:8 
1:14 22:6 
2622:16 
3d 7:10 
3rd 8:6 
3012:4 
315 2:3 7:10 
33301 2:4 
334011:18 
33409 2:9 
367:10 
372 8:5 
380 8:23 
4864:14 
515:10 
5017:12 
502009CA040800XX... 
1.2 
512 5:10 
561.686.6300 2:9 
598 8:21 
15:13 
63210:17 
8:21 
15:20 
8:16 1:16 
8:40 1:16 21:25 
7:12 
15:24 
9C 1:17 
909 7:10 
950 8:23 
954.467.1223 2:5 
985956 22:16 
WWW.USLEGALSUPPORT.COM 
561-835-0220 
EFTA01188293

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188294.pdf
----------------------------------------
0001 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
-vs-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
Defendants. 
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE DAVID CROW 
Pages 1 through 22 
Monday, February 11, 2013 
8:16 a.m. - 8:40 a.m. 
PALM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, COURTROOM 9C 
205 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Stenographically Reported By: 
SUSAN PETTY, FPR 
Florida Professional Reporter 
0002 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, P.A. 
315 Southeast Seventh Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of Bradley J. Edwards: 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA, ET AL, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
EFTA01188294
--- PAGE 2 ---
0003 
0004 
that that ruling in no way circumvented or obviated 
Mr. Edwards' obligation to properly plead punitive 
damages. 
Rule 1.120 of the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure governs pleading special damages, and it 
requires a heightened standard of requirement when 
pleading such. 
You must plead ultimate facts demonstrating 
wantonness, oppression, or outrage. And the law is 
very clear; that the mere use of adjectives is and of 
themselves insufficient to support a claim of 
wantonness, recklessness, or maliciousness. And the 
case for which that proposition stands is Leuare 
versus Music & Worth Construction Incorporated, 486 
So. 2d. 1359 Florida First DCA, 1986. 
Allegations that are in an amended complaint 
without supporting ultimate facts are insufficient as 
a matter of law to stay a cause of action for 
punitive damages. 
Here, all Mr. Edwards has done, by his own 
admission last week, is change his wherefore clause 
to state that he is seeking punitive damages. 
Changing the wherefore clause in the complaint 
does not mean there is a heightened standard, Judge. 
It does not provide one fact upon which we can rely 
0005 
and respond or which this court can rely on in 
assessing whether or not it's a proper claim for 
PROCEEDINGS 
- - - 
THE COURT: Epstein versus Rothstein. It's the 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant's motion to dismiss. I 
have reviewed the motion and also the counterclaim. 
I've read some of the citations you've given me. I 
did not receive a written response from the 
defendant. 
MR. SCAROLA: The response that we provided, 
Your Honor, was a highlighted copy of the complaint. 
THE COURT: Then I got it. Okay. Yes, ma'am. 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, may I come up to the 
podium? 
THE COURT: Sure, whatever is comfortable. 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm more comfortable standing. 
Thank you. As you said, Judge -- Tonja Coleman on 
behalf of Mr. Epstein. 
We have filed a motion to dismiss Mr. Edwards' 
fourth amended counterclaim in which he was permitted 
by this court to add a claim for punitive damages. 
We have four basic arguments, and the first of 
which is basically the issue of proceeding with the 
punitive damages. 
Now, this Court did grant Mr. Edwards leave to 
assert a claim in punitive damages. The law is clear 
EFTA01188295
--- PAGE 3 ---
punitive damages. 
The standard for punitive damages, as this 
Court is aware, is that of a manslaughter standard. 
It must show a gross and flagrant character 
evidencing recklessness, indifference to the rights 
or others, which is equivalent to intentional 
violation of those rights. And that's the 
Della-Donna case; 512 So. 2d 1051, Fourth DCA, 1987. 
Edwards fails to allege any additional facts 
that support willful and wanton misconduct or gross 
and flagrant reckless indifference for acts committed 
by Mr. Epstein. 
In addition, Judge, it's very important to note 
that the plaintiff must prove the underlying tort and 
properly plead the underlying tort before even 
setting forth a heightened factual basis for punitive 
damages. 
The first cause of action as asserted by 
Mr. Edwards is abuse of process. Malice is one of 
the underlying elements in that cause of action. 
As such, the law is clear that because 
Mr. Edwards must properly plead malice for his 
underlying cause of action, he must plead a 
0006 
0007 
every pleading motion on the docket sheet in support 
of his claim of abuse of process. 
On the face of this complaint, Judge, is the 
affirmative defense of litigation privilege and 
irrefutably the fact that not one action was pointed 
to by Mr. Edwards in his complaint or any action that 
occurred outside the process. 
The case law is very, very clear, and I'm going 
to cite two cases for the Court: S&I Investments 
versus Payless, 315 -- I'm sorry. 36 So. 3d 909 
Fourth DCA case from 2010, and Marty versus Gresh, 
501 So. 2d 87 Florida First DCA, 1987, which states: 
The dismissal of an abuse of process claim is proper 
heightened requirement other than reusing the word 
malice to support a claim in punitive damages. 
This complaint fails to do so, and because of 
that, the punitive damages allegations should be 
dismissed as to both counts. 
Our second argument with respect to dismissal 
turns us to the changes to the cause of action and 
abuse of process. 
With respect to the cause of action and abuse 
of process, Mr. Epstein -- Mr. Edwards -- excuse me. 
Mr. Edwards' actions -- by his own admission, on the 
four corners of his complaint -- occurred in the 
course of the litigation. 
This Court has previously ruled on motions to 
dismiss in this case, and I brought the order to show 
you that, number one, this argument has not been 
raised before, and, number two, the proper standard 
is delineated in this Court's own order. 
While the Court is confined to a limited review 
of the four corners of the complaint in ruling in a 
motion to dismiss, the law is very, very clear that 
an abuse of process requires misuse of process after 
issue. 
The plain face in the four corners of Edwards' 
own complaint show that he's relying on each and 
EFTA01188296
--- PAGE 4 ---
if the plaintiff fails to allege any act that 
constitutes misuse of process after it was issued. 
Judge, because the wherefore clause now asks 
for damages as well as punitive damages, dismissal of 
this abuse of process claim is proper because it 
doesn't point to any facts that are outside the 
process. 
The same would hold true for punitive damages. 
The mere recitation of the word "malice" absent 
probable cause is not enough. 
The case law is clear that a wanton probable 
cause isn't even enough heightened -- the standard 
0008 
0009 
pleading for malice for an abuse of process claim, 
much less for punitive damages. 
Finally, with respect to that abuse of process 
claim, Judge, is the issue of litigation privilege. 
In Jackson versus Bellsouth Communications, 372 
F 3rd 1250, the 11th circuit in applying the Florida 
state law stated that the litigation privilege should 
be considered regarding a motion to dismiss when the 
complaint affirmatively and clearly shows the 
conclusive applicability of the defense to bar the 
action. 
Every fact alleged by Mr. Edwards in his 
complaint is afforded immunity pursuant to the 
litigation privilege. It protects all acts taken 
that are functionally tied to the judicial 
proceeding, and there arises immediately upon doing 
of any act required or permitted by law in the due 
course of the judicial proceeding or is necessarily 
preliminarily thereto. 
For that proposition, Fridovich versus 
Fridovich 598 So. 2d 65 Florida Supreme Court, 1992. 
In addition, Judge, the Florida Supreme Court 
in 2007 in Echevarria versus Cole, 950 So. 2d 380, 
stated: Absolute immunity must be afforded to any 
act occurring during the course of a judicial 
proceeding regardless of whether the act involves a 
defamatory statement or other tortious behavior so 
long as it bears some relation to the proceeding. 
Here, not only does Edwards' own facts fail to 
show any action taken outside the litigation, 
Edwards' main complaint actually asserts litigation 
privilege for the proposition that he was properly 
permitted to file this lawsuit against Mr. Epstein. 
In addition, Judge, Logan versus Middleburke 
wherefore the Supreme Court in 1994 states that the 
litigation privilege affords a defendant immunity 
from suit. It's more than a mere defense to a 
liability. 
As such, Judge, because the dismissal is 
appropriate when the complaint affirmatively and 
clearly shows the defense on the face of the 
pleading, and this Court is now being asked to look 
outside the four corners of the complaint. Because 
the applicability of the litigation privilege 
completely bars this action and bars any claim for 
punitive damages and mandates dismissal. 
Finally, Judge, with respect to the last cause 
of action, which is malicious prosecution, we would 
point out to the Court that the change that has 
EFTA01188297
--- PAGE 5 ---
occurred since we were last here is that Mr. Epstein 
0010 
0011 
0012 
Judge, we respectfully request that the fourth 
amended counterclaim be dismissed. 
THE COURT: Okay. Thank you. Mr. Scarola. 
MR. SCAROLA: Good morning, Your Honor, may it 
please the Court. 
Let me begin, if I could, by addressing the 
arguments that were made in support of this motion in 
reverse order. 
The last of the arguments were an attack on the 
has filed a notice of voluntary dismissal without 
prejudice in his case-in-chief against Mr. Epstein --
Edwards. Excuse me. 
However, he cannot state a cause of action for 
malicious prosecution because this is not a bona fide 
termination in Edwards' favor. 
The elements or requirement for a malicious 
prosecution claim require the commencement of a 
judicial proceeding, its legal causation where the 
present defendant against the plaintiff, its bona 
fide termination in favor of the plaintiff, the 
absence of probable for prosecution, malice and 
damages. 
The failure to provide one of these elements in 
a complaint is fatal to the entire claim. For that 
proposition we would point the Court to Alamo 
Rent-a-Car versus Mancusi, 632 So. 2d 1352, again, a 
Florida Supreme Court case from 1994. 
Edwards pled that Epstein abandoned his claim 
and that this count of being -- the complaint being 
dismissed without prejudice is a bona fide 
termination. 
However, the law is very, very clear that this 
dismissal without prejudice is not a bona fide 
termination, because it was voluntary and not based 
on a reason inconsistent with the guilt of the 
accused. 
In addition, Judge, it's very obvious that with 
respect to a voluntary dismissal without prejudice, 
Mr. Epstein, would refile his case right now if it 
were a bona fide termination of the cause of action. 
We would not be permitted to refile the case. It 
would be, in fact, a termination as defined by the 
law and is provided for by the case law interpreting 
what a bona fide termination means. 
In sum, Judge, because we could refile the 
case, there is no bona fide termination, and the 
cause of action for malicious prosecution should also 
be dismissed. 
In summation, Judge, we would point that while 
Mr. Edwards did file a fourth amended counterclaim 
for punitive damages, the response to our motion to 
dismiss as provided by Mr. Scarola shows little more 
than he is relying upon the underlying facts which 
this Court agreed showed a short and plain statement 
of the facts to survive a motion to dismiss under an 
initial cause of action. 
It did not, however, rise to the heightened 
pleading requirements that would be required to plead 
a claim in punitive damages, and for that reason, 
EFTA01188298
--- PAGE 6 ---
adequacy of this pleading to state claims for abuse 
of process and malicious prosecution. 
Your Honor has heard those arguments repeatedly 
in the past, and Your Honor has rejected those 
arguments repeatedly in the past. 
Your Honor has found that the allegations 
stated in this complaint are sufficient to withstand 
a motion to dismiss. 
So the only real issue before this court at 
this time --
THE COURT: Well, I could have been wrong. 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, Your Honor, you could have 
been wrong, but you weren't. You were absolutely 
right, and this isn't a motion for rehearing. 
THE COURT: I understand. 
MR. SCAROLA: If it were a motion for 
0013 
rehearing, it would be necessary to file that motion 
to support it with something other than what has been 
argued before, which hasn't been done. And Your 
Honor would then need to make a determination as to 
whether you want to grant the rehearing. None of 
that has been done. 
In the guise of attacking the adequacy of these 
pleadings to state a claim for punitive damages, they 
have attempted to reargue everything that we have 
argued. I suggest to Your Honor on many occasions, 
not just one, but many occasions in the context of 
both the claims that were brought against Mr. Edwards 
and in the context of the claims that we have brought 
against Mr. Epstein, all of those legal issues have 
been repeatedly examined by Your Honor and they have 
been rejected with regard to their application to 
this complaint. 
So if it is Your Honor's intention to reexamine 
those again, I would like notice of the fact that 
Your Honor is granting a motion for rehearing with 
regard to issues that you have already ruled upon. 
I think that that's entirely unnecessary. You 
were right before. You were right repeatedly before, 
and there is no basis, because there is no new 
argument to support the contention now that those 
0014 
underlying allegations somehow failed to state a 
claim for relief with regard to both abuse of process 
and malicious prosecution. 
So let me address the adequacy of the 
allegations as they relate to punitive damages, 
because that is a matter that is being raised before 
Your Honor, not really for the first time, but it is 
being raised in the context of this notion to dismiss 
for the first time. 
The adequacy of the allegations was really 
addressed when Your Honor granted the motion for 
leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
damages, because the only thing that the motion to 
assert a claim for punitive damages did was to 
provide record evidence to support the factual 
allegations included in the complaint. 
As I have informed Your Honor previously, there 
is only one change to each of the two claims stated 
previously, and that one change is a change to the 
wherefore clause. And it simply asserts that having 
EFTA01188299
--- PAGE 7 ---
satisfied the statutory prerequisite for the 
assertion of a claim for punitive damages, having 
been granted leave to amend, we are amending to 
assert a claim for punitive damages on the basis of 
the allegations that were already made and already 
0015 
substantiated in a proffer. And, in fact, 
substantially more than just a proffer of evidence, 
an indication of clear record evidence to support the 
recovery of punitive damages. 
I provided Your Honor with a highlighted copy 
of the complaint and the specific factual 
allegations, not merely adjectives or unsupported 
conclusions, but factual allegations to support the 
claim for punitive damages. 
In Paragraph 5 we allege in substance that 
Mr. Epstein faced and faces criminal prosecution in 
civil liability. 
In Paragraph 6 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
asserted his fifth amendment privilege, had no 
intention of waiving that privilege and had no 
defense to the criminal claims against him or the 
civil claims that were being brought against him. 
And so he decided to resort to extortion since he 
didn't have any legal defense. 
In Paragraph 8 we allege that Mr. Edwards did 
nothing wrong in the prosecution of his cases against 
Mr. Epstein, and Mr. Epstein had no reason to believe 
otherwise. 
In Paragraph 9 we allege that Mr. Epstein sued 
for monetary damages when he had suffered none, and 
0016 
that the damage claim was solely part of an 
extortionate effort on Mr. Epstein's part. 
In Paragraph 10 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
acted solely out of malice, and in Paragraph 13 we 
allege that Mr. Epstein knew not only that the claims 
were factually unsupported and unsupportable, but 
that he also knew that the charges against 
Mr. Edwards could not be prosecuted as a matter of 
law. 
0017 
THE COURT: Okay. Brief rebuttal. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir. First, Judge I would 
point out to the court that while Mr. Scarola's 
suggestions and assertions are just that, suggestions 
and assertions, he has provided not one rule of law 
I don't know how you can more clearly set forth 
a plain and concise statement of the facts supporting 
an entitlement to punitive damages as has been 
supported by the proffer than as exists in this 
complaint. 
The fact that the allegations were not changed 
between the time that we asserted our claim for abuse 
of process and malicious prosecution without a claim 
for punitive damages and when we added the claim for 
punitive damages says nothing about the adequacy of 
those allegations. They were adequate from the 
beginning. They are adequate now, and this is a 
motion that should be denied, so that this matter can 
be placed at issue. And we can finally get a trial 
date in this now four-year-old case. Thank you, Your 
Honor. 
EFTA01188300
--- PAGE 8 ---
or one case to support any of his position. 
Secondly, while --
THE COURT: I think his position would be all 
the things you've cited. 
MS. COLEMAN: Maybe that is his position, 
Judge, but he didn't argue it, Judge. I'm sorry. 
THE COURT: Yes. And then the question is, as 
I understand it, is whether or not the facts --
whether they were at issue as alleged or it's been 
rehashed into something else -- in and of themselves 
are sufficient for punitive damages. And secondly, 
whether or not the underlying cause of action of 
that --
MS. COLEMAN: And we present, based upon the 
voluminous amount of case law which we have provided, 
that they do not. 
Mr. Scarola came up here and argued with 
respect to his proffer regarding the punitive 
damages. Not one fact was --
THE COURT: What he said was malicious 
0018 
prosecution does not include the allegations that you 
made against him and his client were false. Two, 
that you knew you couldn't support that, and, I mean, 
he says a whole bunch of stuff he says in here. 
MS. COLEMAN: If I may, Judge, all of those 
issues; the extortion, the malice, the lack of 
probable cause are elements of the underlying cause 
of action of abuse of process. 
If trying to plead and prove those underlying 
causes of action elements were enough, everyone would 
be in it for punitive damages. There would be no 
reason for a proffer. 
Those pleadings do not rise to the level of the 
magic language. The wantonness, the recklessness, 
the manslaughter standard, none of those facts 
support those elements. 
Literally if you look at the cause of action 
for abuse of process and what is required, it says: 
Lack of probable cause would be listed. The case law 
is very clear that that isn't even enough to support 
a cause of action for abuse of process. 
But extortion and malice are all part of the 
underlying cause of action for abuse of process. It 
is an intentional tort. 
Therefore, you must rise above the intentional 
0019 
tort elements to get to punitive damages. This 
complaint fails to do that, number one. 
Number two, if this proffer had all this 
additional proof, it should have been pled in the 
complaint. That's the whole purpose of going through 
the discovery process and finding out that 
information before you're permitted to plead punitive 
damages, Judge, is to make an evidentiary proffer to 
support the claim. 
Why, in common sense, would we go through all 
of that work if it wasn't necessary to add those 
elements to the complaint as punitive damages. 
This is not an attorney's fees complaint. If 
someone is permitted legally to plead attorney's 
fees --
THE COURT: I can tell you why, because of the 
EFTA01188301
--- PAGE 9 ---
0020 
a 
0021 
a 
0022 
statute, because everybody's pulling punitive damages 
without --
MS. COLEMAN: Right. 
THE COURT: -- any gatekeeper. In tort cases 
now, they make all kinds of horrible allegations, no 
matter whether or not that's sufficient for punitive 
damages, the judge says you supported those 
allegations with some type of facts. 
MS. COLEMAN: So those facts should be pled. 
That's exactly my point. You're making my point. 
You have to plead the facts that support punitive 
damages. 
THE COURT: You're supposed to plead ultimate 
facts. 
MS. COLEMAN: If I had --
THE COURT: I understand that, ma'am. Are you 
understanding me? I'm sorry. I apologize. 
I'm saying that you can plead ultimate facts 
which support a punitive claim without the necessity 
of actually having that punitive claim. 
And the fact that all the facts alleged in the 
complaint may be sufficient to support a claim for 
punitive damages, you must put a proffer of evidence 
to support those allegations before you can actually 
get punitive damages. Do you understand what I'm 
saying? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. I understand it, but with 
respect to properly pleading punitive damages, it's 
only in a wherefore clause. It's not pled. It's not 
part of the complaint. 
THE COURT: I think that's the issue I have to 
decide. You say it isn't. He says it is. 
MS. COLEMAN: In addition, I would just like to 
bring to the Court's attention -- I brought copies of 
previous orders, and they show that with respect to 
denying the motion to dismiss, for example, you 
stated: The motion to dismiss deals with the 
truthfulness of the allegations against the 
defendant, affirmative defenses that may be available 
to the defendant and have references outside the four 
corners of the complaint. These matters are more 
appropriate for a subject of a motion for summary 
judgment in their defenses at trial. The issues of 
the litigation privilege and the issues as they 
appear on face of the complaint -- the claim has not 
been raised before. 
I would also submit to the Court, because we 
just dismissed case without prejudice, that issue 
with respect to the motion for prosecution has not 
yet been heard before the Court either. For those 
reasons, Judge, this is not a rehearing. 
THE COURT: I'm going to have to take a look at 
this again. Okay? You want to give me the orders? 
MS. COLEMAN: Those are copies of your orders, 
previous orders, Judge. 
THE COURT: You should get an order shortly. 
Thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much, Your Honor. 
The proceedings concluded at 8:40 a.m.) 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
EFTA01188302
--- PAGE 10 ---
I, Susan Petty, Florida Professional Reporter, 
certify that I was authorized to and did stenographically 
report the foregoing proceedings and that the transcript, 
pages 1 through 22, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 15th day of February, 2013. 
Susan Petty, FPR 
Florida Professional 
Notary Public, State 
Commission No.: #DD 
Commission Expires: 
Reporter 
of Florida 
985956 
April 26, 2014 
EFTA01188303

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188304.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jeffrey Epstein v. Scott Rothstein 
February 11, 2013 
Page 1 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
-vs-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
and BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, 
individually. 
Defendants. 
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE DAVID CROW 
Pages 1 through 22 
Monday, February 11, 2013 
8:16 a.m. - 8:40 a.m. 
PALM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, COURTROOM 9C 
205 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Stenographically Reported By: 
SUSAN PETTY, FPR 
Florida Professional Reporter 
EFTA01188304
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, P.A. 
315 Southeast Seventh Street 
Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of Bradley J. Edwards: 
SEARCY DENNEY SCAROLA, ET AL, 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
EFTA01188305
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
PROCEEDINGS 
THE COURT: Epstein versus Rothstein. It's the 
Plaintiff/Counter-Defendant's motion to dismiss. I 
have reviewed the motion and also the counterclaim. 
I've read some of the citations you've given me. I 
did not receive a written response from the 
defendant. 
MR. SCAROLA: The response that we provided, 
Your Honor, was a highlighted copy of the complaint. 
THE COURT: Then I got it. Okay. Yes, ma'am. 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, may I come up to the 
podium? 
THE COURT: Sure, whatever is comfortable. 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm more comfortable standing. 
Thank you. As you said, Judge -- Tonja Coleman on 
behalf of Mr. Epstein. 
We have filed a motion to dismiss Mr. Edwards' 
fourth amended counterclaim in which he was permitted 
by this court to add a claim for punitive damages. 
We have four basic arguments, and the first of 
which is basically the issue of proceeding with the 
punitive damages. 
Now, this Court did grant Mr. Edwards leave to 
assert a claim in punitive damages. The law is clear 
EFTA01188306
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
that that ruling in no way circumvented or obviated 
Mr. Edwards' obligation to properly plead punitive 
damages. 
Rule 1.120 of the Florida Rules of Civil 
Procedure governs pleading special damages, and it 
requires a heightened standard of requirement when 
pleading such. 
You must plead ultimate facts demonstrating 
wantonness, oppression, or outrage. And the law is 
very clear; that the mere use of adjectives is and of 
themselves insufficient to support a claim of 
wantonness, recklessness, or maliciousness. And the 
case for which that proposition stands is Leuare 
versus Music & Worth Construction Incorporated, 486 
So. 2d. 1359 Florida First DCA, 1986. 
Allegations that are in an amended complaint 
without supporting ultimate facts are insufficient as 
a matter of law to stay a cause of action for 
punitive damages. 
Here, all Mr. Edwards has done, by his own 
admission last week, is change his wherefore clause 
to state that he is seeking punitive damages. 
Changing the wherefore clause in the complaint 
does not mean there is a heightened standard, Judge. 
It does not provide one fact upon which we can rely 
EFTA01188307
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
and respond or which this court can rely on in 
assessing whether or not it's a proper claim for 
punitive damages. 
The standard for punitive damages, as this 
Court is aware, is that of a manslaughter standard. 
It must show a gross and flagrant character 
evidencing recklessness, indifference to the rights 
or others, which is equivalent to intentional 
violation of those rights. And that's the 
Della-Donna case; 512 So. 2d 1051, Fourth DCA, 1987. 
Edwards fails to allege any additional facts 
that support willful and wanton misconduct or gross 
and flagrant reckless indifference for acts committed 
by Mr. Epstein. 
In addition, Judge, it's very important to note 
that the plaintiff must prove the underlying tort and 
properly plead the underlying tort before even 
setting forth a heightened factual basis for punitive 
damages. 
The first cause of action as asserted by 
Mr. Edwards is abuse of process. Malice is one of 
the underlying elements in that cause of action. 
As such, the law is clear that because 
Mr. Edwards must properly plead malice for his 
underlying cause of action, he must plead a 
EFTA01188308
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
heightened requirement other than reusing the word 
malice to support a claim in punitive damages. 
This complaint fails to do so, and because of 
that, the punitive damages allegations should be 
dismissed as to both counts. 
Our second argument with respect to dismissal 
turns us to the changes to the cause of action and 
abuse of process. 
With respect to the cause of action and abuse 
of process, Mr. Epstein -- Mr. Edwards -- excuse me. 
Mr. Edwards' actions -- by his own admission, on the 
four corners of his complaint -- occurred in the 
course of the litigation. 
This Court has previously ruled on motions to 
dismiss in this case, and I brought the order to show 
you that, number one, this argument has not been 
raised before, and, number two, the proper standard 
is delineated in this Court's own order. 
While the Court is confined to a limited review 
of the four corners of the complaint in ruling in a 
motion to dismiss, the law is very, very clear that 
an abuse of process requires misuse of process after 
issue. 
The plain face in the four corners of Edwards' 
own complaint show that he's relying on each and 
EFTA01188309
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
every pleading motion on the docket sheet in support 
of his claim of abuse of process. 
On the face of this complaint, Judge, is the 
affirmative defense of litigation privilege and 
irrefutably the fact that not one action was pointed 
to by Mr Edwards in his complaint or any action that 
occurred outside the process. 
The case law is very, very clear, and I'm going 
to cite two cases for the Court: S&I Investments 
versus Payless, 315 -- I'm sorry. 36 So. 3d 909 
Fourth DCA case from 2010, and Marty versus Gresh, 
501 So. 2d 87 Florida First DCA, 1987, which states: 
The dismissal of an abuse of process claim is proper 
if the plaintiff fails to allege any act that 
constitutes misuse of process after it was issued. 
Judge, because the wherefore clause now asks 
for damages as well as punitive damages, dismissal of 
this abuse of process claim is proper because it 
doesn't point to any facts that are outside the 
process. 
The same would hold true for punitive damages. 
The mere recitation of the word "malice" absent 
probable cause is not enough. 
The case law is clear that a wanton probable 
cause isn't even enough heightened -- the standard 
EFTA01188310
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
pleading for malice for an abuse of process claim, 
much less for punitive damages. 
Finally, with respect to that abuse of process 
claim, Judge, is the issue of litigation privilege. 
In Jackson versus Bellsouth Communications, 372 
F 3rd 1250, the 11th circuit in applying the Florida 
state law stated that the litigation privilege should 
be considered regarding a motion to dismiss when the 
complaint affirmatively and clearly shows the 
conclusive applicability of the defense to bar the 
action. 
Every fact alleged by Mr. Edwards in his 
complaint is afforded immunity pursuant to the 
litigation privilege. It protects all acts taken 
that are functionally tied to the judicial 
proceeding, and there arises immediately upon doing 
of any act required or permitted by law in the due 
course of the judicial proceeding or is necessarily 
preliminarily thereto. 
For that proposition, Fridovich versus 
Fridovich 598 So. 2d 65 Florida Supreme Court, 1992. 
In addition, Judge, the Florida Supreme Court 
in 2007 in Echevarria versus Cole, 950 So. 2d 380, 
stated: Absolute immunity must be afforded to any 
act occurring during the course of a judicial 
EFTA01188311
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 9 
proceeding regardless of whether the act involves a 
defamatory statement or other tortious behavior so 
long as it bears some relation to the proceeding. 
Here, not only does Edwards' own facts fail to 
show any action taken outside the litigation, 
Edwards' main complaint actually asserts litigation 
privilege for the proposition that he was properly 
permitted to file this lawsuit against Mr. Epstein. 
In addition, Judge, Logan versus Middleburke 
wherefore the Supreme Court in 1994 states that the 
litigation privilege affords a defendant immunity 
from suit. It's more than a mere defense to a 
liability. 
As such, Judge, because the dismissal is 
appropriate when the complaint affirmatively and 
clearly shows the defense on the face of the 
pleading, and this Court is now being asked to look 
outside the four corners of the complaint. Because 
the applicability of the litigation privilege 
completely bars this action and bars any claim for 
punitive damages and mandates dismissal. 
Finally, Judge, with respect to the last cause 
of action, which is malicious prosecution, we would 
point out to the Court that the change that has 
occurred since we were last here is that Mr. Epstein 
EFTA01188312
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 10 
has filed a notice of voluntary dismissal without 
prejudice in his case-in-chief against Mr. Epstein --
Edwards. Excuse me. 
However, he cannot state a cause of action for 
malicious prosecution because this is not a bona fide 
termination in Edwards' favor. 
The elements or requirement for a malicious 
prosecution claim require the commencement of a 
judicial proceeding, its legal causation where the 
present defendant against the plaintiff, its bona 
fide termination in favor of the plaintiff, the 
absence of probable for prosecution, malice and 
damages. 
The failure to provide one of these elements in 
a complaint is fatal to the entire claim. For that 
proposition we would point the Court to Alamo 
Rent-a-Car versus Mancusi, 632 So. 2d 1352, again, a 
Florida Supreme Court case from 1994. 
Edwards pled that Epstein abandoned his claim 
and that this count of being -- the complaint being 
dismissed without prejudice is a bona fide 
termination. 
However, the law is very, very clear that this 
dismissal without prejudice is not a bona fide 
termination, because it was voluntary and not based 
EFTA01188313
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page 11 
on a reason inconsistent with the guilt of the 
accused. 
In addition, Judge, it's very obvious that with 
respect to a voluntary dismissal without prejudice, 
Mr. Epstein, would refile his case right now if it 
were a bona fide termination of the cause of action. 
We would not be permitted to refile the case. It 
would be, in fact, a termination as defined by the 
law and is provided for by the case law interpreting 
what a bona fide termination means. 
In sum, Judge, because we could refile the 
case, there is no bona fide termination, and the 
cause of action for malicious prosecution should also 
be dismissed. 
In summation, Judge, we would point that while 
Mr. Edwards did file a fourth amended counterclaim 
for punitive damages, the response to our motion to 
dismiss as provided by Mr. Scarola shows little more 
than he is relying upon the underlying facts which 
this Court agreed showed a short and plain statement 
of the facts to survive a motion to dismiss under an 
initial cause of action. 
It did not, however, rise to the heightened 
pleading requirements that would be required to plead 
a claim in punitive damages, and for that reason, 
EFTA01188314
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 12 
Judge, we respectfully request that the fourth 
amended counterclaim be dismissed. 
THE COURT: Okay. Thank you. Mr. Scarola. 
MR. SCAROLA: Good morning, Your Honor, may it 
please the Court. 
Let me begin, if I could, by addressing the 
arguments that were made in support of this motion in 
reverse order. 
The last of the arguments were an attack on the 
adequacy of this pleading to state claims for abuse 
of process and malicious prosecution. 
Your Honor has heard those arguments repeatedly 
in the past, and Your Honor has rejected those 
arguments repeatedly in the past. 
Your Honor has found that the allegations 
stated in this complaint are sufficient to withstand 
a motion to dismiss. 
So the only real issue before this court at 
this time --
THE COURT: Well, I could have been wrong. 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, Your Honor, you could have 
been wrong, but you weren't. You were absolutely 
right, and this isn't a motion for rehearing. 
THE COURT: I understand. 
MR. SCAROLA: If it were a motion for 
EFTA01188315
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 13 
rehearing, it would be necessary to file that motion 
to support it with something other than what has been 
argued before, which hasn't been done. And Your 
Honor would then need to make a determination as to 
whether you want to grant the rehearing. None of 
that has been done. 
In the guise of attacking the adequacy of these 
pleadings to state a claim for punitive damages, they 
have attempted to reargue everything that we have 
argued. I suggest to Your Honor on many occasions, 
not just one, but many occasions in the context of 
both the claims that were brought against Mr. Edwards 
and in the context of the claims that we have brought 
against Mr. Epstein, all of those legal issues have 
been repeatedly examined by Your Honor and they have 
been rejected with regard to their application to 
this complaint. 
So if it is Your Honor's intention to reexamine 
those again, I would like notice of the fact that 
Your Honor is granting a motion for rehearing with 
regard to issues that you have already ruled upon. 
I think that that's entirely unnecessary. You 
were right before. You were right repeatedly before, 
and there is no basis, because there is no new 
argument to support the contention now that those 
EFTA01188316
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page14 
underlying allegations somehow failed to state a 
claim for relief with regard to both abuse of process 
and malicious prosecution. 
So let me address the adequacy of the 
allegations as they relate to punitive damages, 
because that is a matter that is being raised before 
Your Honor, not really for the first time, but it is 
being raised in the context of this notion to dismiss 
for the first time. 
The adequacy of the allegations was really 
addressed when Your Honor granted the motion for 
leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
damages, because the only thing that the motion to 
assert a claim for punitive damages did was to 
provide record evidence to support the factual 
allegations included in the complaint. 
As I have informed Your Honor previously, there 
is only one change to each of the two claims stated 
previously, and that one change is a change to the 
wherefore clause. And it simply asserts that having 
satisfied the statutory prerequisite for the 
assertion of a claim for punitive damages, having 
been granted leave to amend, we are amending to 
assert a claim for punitive damages on the basis of 
the allegations that were already made and already 
EFTA01188317
--- PAGE 15 ---
Page 15 
substantiated in a proffer. And, in fact, 
substantially more than just a proffer of evidence, 
an indication of clear record evidence to support the 
recovery of punitive damages. 
I provided Your Honor with a highlighted copy 
of the complaint and the specific factual 
allegations, not merely adjectives or unsupported 
conclusions, but factual allegations to support the 
claim for punitive damages. 
In Paragraph 5 we allege in substance that 
Mr. Epstein faced and faces criminal prosecution in 
civil liability. 
In Paragraph 6 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
asserted his fifth amendment privilege, had no 
intention of waiving that privilege and had no 
defense to the criminal claims against him or the 
civil claims that were being brought against him. 
And so he decided to resort to extortion since he 
didn't have any legal defense. 
In Paragraph 8 we allege that Mr. Edwards did 
nothing wrong in the prosecution of his cases against 
Mr. Epstein, and Mr. Epstein had no reason to believe 
otherwise. 
In Paragraph 9 we allege that Mr. Epstein sued 
for monetary damages when he had suffered none, and 
EFTA01188318
--- PAGE 16 ---
Page 16 
that the damage claim was solely part of an 
extortionate effort on Mr. Epstein's part. 
In Paragraph 10 we allege that Mr. Epstein 
acted solely out of malice, and in Paragraph 13 we 
allege that Mr. Epstein knew not only that the claims 
were factually unsupported and unsupportable, but 
that he also knew that the charges against 
Mr. Edwards could not be prosecuted as a matter of 
law. 
I don't know how you can more clearly set forth 
a plain and concise statement of the facts supporting 
an entitlement to punitive damages as has been 
supported by the proffer than as exists in this 
complaint. 
The fact that the allegations were not changed 
between the time that we asserted our claim for abuse 
of process and malicious prosecution without a claim 
for punitive damages and when we added the claim for 
punitive damages says nothing about the adequacy of 
those allegations. They were adequate from the 
beginning. They are adequate now, and this is a 
motion that should be denied, so that this matter can 
be placed at issue. And we can finally get a trial 
date in this now four-year-old case. Thank you, Your 
Honor. 
EFTA01188319
--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 17 
THE COURT: Okay. Brief rebuttal. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, sir. First, Judge I would 
point out to the court that while Mr. Scarola's 
suggestions and assertions are just that, suggestions 
and assertions, he has provided not one rule of law 
or one case to support any of his position. 
Secondly, while --
THE COURT: I think his position would be all 
the things you've cited. 
MS. COLEMAN: Maybe that is his position, 
Judge, but he didn't argue it, Judge. I'm sorry. 
THE COURT: Yes. And then the question is, as 
I understand it, is whether or not the facts --
whether they were at issue as alleged or it's been 
rehashed into something else -- in and of themselves 
are sufficient for punitive damages. And secondly, 
whether or not the underlying cause of action of 
that --
MS. COLEMAN: And we present, based upon the 
voluminous amount of case law which we have provided, 
that they do not. 
Mr. Scarola came up here and argued with 
respect to his proffer regarding the punitive 
damages. Not one fact was --
THE COURT: What he said was malicious 
EFTA01188320
--- PAGE 18 ---
Page 18 
prosecution does not include the allegations that you 
made against him and his client were false. Two, 
that you knew you couldn't support that, and, I mean, 
he says a whole bunch of stuff he says in here. 
MS. COLEMAN: If I may, Judge, all of those 
issues; the extortion, the malice, the lack of 
probable cause are elements of the underlying cause 
of action of abuse of process. 
If trying to plead and prove those underlying 
causes of action elements were enough, everyone would 
be in it for punitive damages. There would be no 
reason for a proffer. 
Those pleadings do not rise to the level of the 
magic language. The wantonness, the recklessness, 
the manslaughter standard, none of those facts 
support those elements. 
Literally if you look at the cause of action 
for abuse of process and what is required, it says: 
Lack of probable cause would be listed. The case law 
is very clear that that isn't even enough to support 
a cause of action for abuse of process. 
But extortion and malice are all part of the 
underlying cause of action for abuse of process. It 
is an intentional tort. 
Therefore, you must rise above the intentional 
EFTA01188321
--- PAGE 19 ---
Page 19 
tort elements to get to punitive damages. This 
complaint fails to do that, number one. 
Number two, if this proffer had all this 
additional proof, it should have been pled in the 
complaint. That's the whole purpose of going through 
the discovery process and finding out that 
information before you're permitted to plead punitive 
damages, Judge, is to make an evidentiary proffer to 
support the claim. 
Why, in common sense, would we go through all 
of that work if it wasn't necessary to add those 
elements to the complaint as punitive damages. 
This is not an attorney's fees complaint. If 
someone is permitted legally to plead attorney's 
fees --
THE COURT: I can tell you why, because of the 
statute, because everybody's pulling punitive damages 
without --
MS. COLEMAN: Right. 
THE COURT: -- any gatekeeper. In tort cases 
now, they make all kinds of horrible allegations, no 
matter whether or not that's sufficient for punitive 
damages, the judge says you supported those 
allegations with some type of facts. 
MS. COLEMAN: So those facts should be pled. 
EFTA01188322
--- PAGE 20 ---
Page 20 
That's exactly my point. You're making my point. 
You have to plead the facts that support punitive 
damages. 
THE COURT: You're supposed to plead ultimate 
facts. 
MS. COLEMAN: If I had --
THE COURT: I understand that, ma'am. Are you 
understanding me? I'm sorry. I apologize. 
I'm saying that you can plead ultimate facts 
which support a punitive claim without the necessity 
of actually having that punitive claim. 
And the fact that all the facts alleged in the 
complaint may be sufficient to support a claim for 
punitive damages, you must put a proffer of evidence 
to support those allegations before you can actually 
get punitive damages. Do you understand what I'm 
saying? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. I understand it, but with 
respect to properly pleading punitive damages, it's 
only in a wherefore clause. It's not pled. It's not 
part of the complaint. 
THE COURT: I think that's the issue I have to 
decide. You say it isn't. He says it is. 
MS. COLEMAN: In addition, I would just like to 
bring to the Court's attention -- I brought copies of 
EFTA01188323
--- PAGE 21 ---
Page 21 
previous orders, and they show that with respect to 
denying the motion to dismiss, for example, you 
stated: The motion to dismiss deals with the 
truthfulness of the allegations against the 
defendant, affirmative defenses that may be available 
to the defendant and have references outside the four 
corners of the complaint. These matters are more 
appropriate for a subject of a motion for summary 
judgment in their defenses at trial. The issues of 
the litigation privilege and the issues as they 
appear on face of the complaint -- the claim has not 
been raised before. 
I would also submit to the Court, because we 
just dismissed case without prejudice, that issue 
with respect to the motion for prosecution has not 
yet been heard before the Court either. For those 
reasons, Judge, this is not a rehearing. 
THE COURT: I'm going to have to take a look at 
this again. Okay? You want to give me the orders? 
MS. COLEMAN: Those are copies of your orders, 
previous orders, Judge. 
THE COURT: You should get an order shortly. 
Thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much, Your Honor. 
The proceedings concluded at 8:40 
.) 
EFTA01188324
--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 22 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
I, Susan Petty, Florida Professional Reporter, 
certify that I was authorized to and did stenographically 
report the foregoing proceedings and that the transcript, 
pages 1 through 22, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 15th day of February, 2013. 
Susan Petty, FPR 
Florida Professional Reporter 
Notary Public, State of Florida 
Commission No.: #DD 985956 
Commission Expires: April 26, 2014 
EFTA01188325
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA01188326

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188327.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.com>
Cc: Bella Klein
Subject: Fwd: Travel arrangements for MS VAIVA MARTINONYTE traveling on 02/27/2013 
Date: Fri, 15 Feb 2013 15:17:59 +0000 
Attachments: Airmail.pdf 
Below is Vaiva's confirmed ticket. She arrives on Feb. 27th at 12:20pm. OK to have Jojo pick her up? (you are 
to be flying home from CA this day) 
Bella, you will see a charge for this ticket on Sarah's amex: $689.30 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Traver <AmericanExpressTravel@trondent.com>
Subject: Travel arrangements for MS VAIVA MARTINONYTE traveling on 02/27/2013 
Date: February 15, 2013 10:12:00 AM EST 
To: 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that cannot accept 
incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to attached PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel plans have 
been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details: 
https://www.aeairweb.corn/Mytravelarrangements/indexjsp
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://www.aeairweb.corn/Mytravelarrangements/AirlineBaggagePoliciesjsp
First time user? Refer to instructions when accessing the above website. Enter your email address and 
temporary password to gain access to the website. You will receive your temporary password in a separate 
email. 
Record Locator: KPRSBS 
Traveler: MS VAIVA MARTINONYTE 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRWAYS 3 
Class: Economy 
Seats: 53G 
Departs: London Heathrow, UK - LHR 
Date: Feb 27,2013 
Time: 9:20 AM 
Arrives: New York JFK, NY - JFK 
Date: Feb 27,2013 
Time: 12:20 PM 
EFTA01188327
--- PAGE 2 ---
Flight Information: 
Reserved: VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRWAYS 26 
Class: Economy 
Seats: 44D 
Departs: New York JFK, NY - JFK 
Date: Mar 03,2013 
Time: 7:40 AM 
Arrives: London Heathrow, UK - LHR 
Date: Mar 03,2013 
Time: 7:40 PM 
Airline Confirmation Numbers: 
VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRWAYS 
FPFZJY 
NEED PASSPORT OR VISA SERVICES? 
As a service to our customers, American Express has partnered with VisaCentral for visa and passport services. 
To learn what documents may be required for your international destination, or to obtain visa or passport 
services, go to http://visacentral.com/amex to access the online services of VisaCentral and to receive 
discounted rates on travel document services. To contact VisaCentral by phone, call 866-529-6553. 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing offers 
from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American Express Privacy 
Statement at http://www.americanexpress.com/privacy. 
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to website below 
to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.corn/products/acrobatireadstep.html 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily resort or 
facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. 
You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, 
affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and 
agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property resulting, 
directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays, 
overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes 
in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of 
governmental authorities, civil unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public 
intemet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your 
individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific 
itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be 
aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, 
EFTA01188328
--- PAGE 3 ---
and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide 
compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as 
granting them access to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting 
technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American 
Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time 
we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your 
preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify and the 
itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318-10. Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI#600469694. Rhode Island Registration Number: ML#1192; Nevada Seller of 
Travel Registration No.: NV#2001-0126; Iowa: TA# 002 Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA01188329

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188330.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2421 West Peoria Avenue WS A238.03-01 
Phoenix. AZ 850294708 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
KPRSBS 
Travel Arrangements for: 
MARTINONYTENAIVA MS 
TICKET INFORMATION: MARTINONYTENAIVA MS 
Airline Name: 
Ticket Number: 
Check Digit: 
VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRWAYS Ticket Date: 
7206545223 
Invoice: 
Electronic: 
Travel Details: 
Wednesday February 27, 2013 
CITIZENS OF LITHUANIA MUSTCARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
A VISA IS REQUIRED FOR ENTRY INTO UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
THE BAGGAGE FEESARULES OF VIRGIN ATLANTICNIRGIN ATLANTIC APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAYBE ACCESSED BY VISITING 
WWW.AEAIRWEELCOM/NlYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
2/15/2013 
6207493 
Yes 
1.877-877-0987 (Toll Free) 
When Overseas Cal Collect 602-5374000 
Agent ID. KF 
INVOICE 
Generated: February 15.2013 09:11 AM 
Page 1 of 3 
CHARGES 
Total charged to American Express 
689.30 
Ticket Base Fare: 
Gov't Taxes/Aidine Imposed Fees: 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
141.00 
548.30 
689.30 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
Flight: 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
Departure Terminal: 
Arrival Termthal: 
Seat 
Class: 
VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRWAYS 
9:20 am 
London Heathrow. UK 
12:20 pm 
New York JFK. NY 
TERMINAL 3 
TERMINAL 4 
53G 
Economy 
Travel Details: 
Sunday March 3, 2013 
Airline Record Locator 
FPFZJY 
Equipment 
Estimated Time: 
Distance: 
Meal: 
Airbus A330-300 
HR 0MIN 
3.452 Mies 
No Meal Service 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
Flight: 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
Departure Terminal: 
Arrival Termthal: 
Seat 
Class: 
VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRWAYS 
7:40 am 
New York JFK. NY 
7:40 pm 
London Heathrow. UK 
TERMINAL 4 
TERMINAL 3 
44D 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Airline Record Locator 
FPFZJY 
Equipment 
Estimated Time: 
Distance: 
Meal: 
Airbus A340-600 
HR 0MIN 
3.452 Mies 
No Meal Service 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
MACRCAN 
Dort 
EFTA01188330
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels & 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Four Seasons Hotel New York 
East 57th Street 
New York. NY 10022. United States 
The Greenwich Hotel 
377 Greenwich Street 
New York. NY 10013. United States 
The Rilz-Carlton. Westchester. New York 
Three Renaissance Square 
White Plains, NY 10601, United States 
W New York - Times Square 
1567 Broadway 
New York. NY 10036. United States 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA01188331
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements desalting any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the terns and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. ncluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS ANC") OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at, 
www.tcrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355, Fax: 702.486.7371, e-mai: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADk. 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502. Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.6881803, e-mail: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
California CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island W#1192. Washington UBIN600-469-694. Iowa TAft002. Nevada NW/20014126. 
EFTA01188332

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188333.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: e rey pstem <jeevacation a gmai .com> 
Subject: Thank you!! 
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 06:59:10 +0000 
Attachments: 
Resume_2013.pdf 
Thank you so much for today!! I am SOOO excited about my dress! It's truly perfect. I never thought I would be 
that girl, but I guess I am. ;-) 
There is a girl we met in Miami who just moved back to NYC and is looking for a job. I think she could be kind 
of perfect for you. I've attached her resume. She's very pretty, I forget exactly how old, but I think late 20's, 
seems very responsible and level headed and quite cool. Would you like to try and meet her this week before you 
leave? 
EFTA01188333

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188334.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Hani Salah
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Re: 
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 10:25:46 +0000 
Attachments: Attendance_Note_1207941_1.DOC 
Dear Jeff, 
I hope all is well. Please find attached the Attendance Note from the meeting of 14th February. As you will see, 
there was nothing there that was not anticipated. 
Best regards, 
Hani Salah 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeNaium@gmail.com> 
Date: February 19, 2013, 13:15:06 GMT+02:00
To: S A <I 
Subject: Re: 
waiting„ i wil see you in one month, paris 25th? 
On Tue, Feb 19, 2013 at 2:23 AM, S A < 
> wrote: 
Hello it seems good will email ken note sir 
Sent from my iPad 
On Feb 10, 2013, at 12:36, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeeia@gritn> 
wrote: 
how did it go? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188334
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any attachment are confidential and intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, or an 
employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, any 
disclosure, copying, distribution or use of its content is strictly prohibited, and you 
should immediately notify the sender and then delete it and any attachments from your system. 
WARNING. Computer Viruses can be transmitted via email. The recipient should check this email 
and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Although we have taken reasonable 
precautions to ensure that no viruses are present in this email, we cannot accept 
responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of this email or attachments. 
EFTA01188335

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188336.pdf
----------------------------------------
BCL 
BurtonCopeland 
ATTENDANCE NOTE 
File 
ABDULHAK 
Fee Earner 
IRB (HR) 
Date 
14.2.2013 
2:40pm 
In attendance: 
Ian Burton ('IRB') and Lord Ken Macdonald QC (KMQC) 
DS Jess Wadsworth (JW) and DCI Andy Partridge (AP) from the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) 
(Hannah Raphael note taking) 
1. IRB explained to the officers that we act for Shaher Abdulhak. 
2. Our specific instructions were to come and listen to what the police had to say, to report back 
to Shaher Abdulhak and then to see if we could find a way forward that was acceptable to all 
parties. For the purposes of this meeting we also represented the interests of Farouk 
Abdulhak. 
3. IRB emphasised that Shaher Abdulhak is very keen to find a solution to this matter. This was 
reflected in the fact that he had retained both IRB and KMQC, former DPP. 
4. IRB explained that we were aware of the work that Peters & Peters had carried out 
previously. Through their correspondence and proposed meetings they had put forward 
suggestions as to how matters could be resolved if Farouk Abdulhak returned to the UK, for 
example bail conditions and prisoner transfer (if convicted). They were putting forward these 
suggestions (no doubt in what they considered an appropriate way) in order to find a 
resolution, but did so without instructions and without the knowledge of the clients. 
Consequently we do not consider ourselves bound by their actions. 
5. JW worked on this case from the outset. She has now left homicide and is in the process of 
handing the file over to Andy Partridge. 
6. JW explained what had happened in the time since the crime took place. 
7. JW spoke to Shaher Abdulhak about a day after Martine Vik Magnussen's body was 
discovered and told him that they needed to speak to Farouk. Her view was that Mr Abdulhak 
had clearly been taken aback by this call and said that he knew nothing about it, he did not 
know where his son was and suggested that we should talk to his lawyers. 
8. The MPS then turned to building the case. 
EFTA01188336
--- PAGE 2 ---
9. A first instance warrant for the arrest of Farouk Abdulhak was issued, then a European Arrest 
Warrant was issued, and finally Interpol Red Notices were circulated. 
Efforts made with the intention of securing a trial of Farouk in the UK 
10. The MPS liaised with the Home Office and the Foreign Office. After some persuasion from the 
MPS the Home Office issued an ad hoc request for Farouk's extradition from the Yemen to 
the UK. This was served together with a case summary via the Yemeni embassy in the UK. 
The request was rejected on the basis anticipated, (i.e. that the Yemeni constitution forbids 
the extradition of its nationals). 
11. From the outset the MPS have been aware that for their 'Plan A' to succeed, i.e. for Farouk to 
be tried in the UK, he would have to volunteer to return to the UK for trial. 
12. The Yemen team in the foreign office have raised this case at every possible opportunity with 
the Yemeni authorities. Alistair Burt met the victim's father and assured him that the British 
Govemment would continue to pursue the matter. The MPS has been supporting the UK 
diplomatic effort at all levels. 
13. JW said that the victim's father is a very ethical man. He is resolute that these global barriers 
should come down and that real justice should be achieved. He has apparently received 
several offers of other routes to resolution but has turned them all down. He has built up a 
global network to assist him in pursuing justice for his daughter. 
14. There are three different bodies that have sought to exert a constant pressure to bring Farouk 
to trial in the UK: the UK government, the law enforcement agencies, and the Norwegians. 
Refusal to agree to the case being tried in the Yemen 
15. The MPS have been asked several times by the Yemenis to hand over their case file on 
Farouk, but have refused on the grounds that there is no reason to do so. 
16. They have informed the Yemenis on numerous occasions that they will not support a trial in 
the Yemen. 
17. The Foreign Office commissioned an academic report on the justice system in the Yemen. 
They concluded that corruption was rife. In 'law enforcement' they considered cases where 
trials had been held abroad and looked at what was the same or different to this case. The 
CPS wrote a position document which was briefed all the way up to ministerial level and the 
answer remained that a trial in Yemen was not a viable option. 
Prisoner Transfer 
18. JW said that the other topic that has been raised in the past is that of Prisoner Transfer. That 
is the domain of the Foreign Office which is in the process of progressing programmes for 
prisoner transfers with other countries. The programme could come to the Yemen but it has 
not yet. 
19. JW conceded that it could prove to be very relevant here. 
Other issues 
20. The MPS have found it very frustrating that they have not succeeded in finding a pathway to a 
solution. They seemed to accept that their Plan A did not look like it would succeed, at least 
not without developments in the prisoner transfer programme for the Yemen. 
12O/411_, 
EFTA01188337
--- PAGE 3 ---
21. According to JW, the perception of Mr Abdulhak senior currently held by the victim's father is 
that he is only interested in positive PR for himself and that it is simply hot air that he wants a 
solution to this. In support of this contention JW pointed to the fact that it is understood that 
Shaher Abdulhak hired Bell Pottinger to help him with publicity in Norway. 
22. IRB and KMQC repeated their assurances that Mr Abdulhak was a man of the highest 
integrity who was serious about wanting to find a solution to this matter. 
Discussion regarding holding a trial in a different country altogether 
23. The MPS are not in a position to say whether a trial in a different jurisdiction is a viable 
alternative. They could say however that there would be no agreement to the trial being held 
in the Yemen. Neither the authorities nor the family of the victim presently believe that a trial 
in the Yemen would represent a route to justice given the system over there. 
24. IRB said he wanted to make it absolutely plain that at present we have no instructions other 
than to seek to uphold what is set out in the Yemeni constitution, however as stated above 
there is real desire to resolve the matter. 
25. The MPS are adamant that the matter should be tried in the UK. IRB said that desired starting 
points are not always tenable, positions change. He gave the example of the UK's position 
with regards to Libya and Lockerbie. The UK's position had also initially been that they would 
only support a trial being held in the UK but eventually they compromised and agreed an 
alternative way forward to resolve matters. IRB had been instrumental in devising the plan 
which was eventually put in place for the Lockerbie bombers to be tried abroad Whilst he 
wasn't suggesting that such an alternative would either be acceptable or appropriate in this 
instance IRB believed it was right that both sides acknowledged that there would have to be 
movement if the matter is to move forward. 
26. JW said that the MPS will listen to any suggestions made. They want to find a way out of this 
impasse. As far as alternative venues for trials are concerned, they would want to be 
persuaded that there would be a credible trial in a credible system where a sentence 
proportionate to the seriousness of the crime would have to be served. 
27. IRB said that he would report this conversation back to Shaher Abdulhak to obtain his views 
and instructions. That might take some time in view of KMQC and IRB's commitments abroad 
and would also be dependant upon when SA is next in Europe. IRB hoped to be able to 
inform the MPS in a few weeks time that they have been able to schedule a meeting with 
Shaher Abdulhak after which he would revert to MPS. 
Time engaged 
hour 
EFTA01188338

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188339.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 04:38:37 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188339

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188340.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Travis 
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 15:09:22 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313022117461.pdf 
> 
Attached is invoice in the amount of $200 for his last day of work which was Tuesday February 19th 
This is in addition to $1000 you approved for Feb 11-15th 
Please advise if ok to release 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor. 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Date: February 21, 2013 4:51:29 PM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01188340

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188341.pdf
----------------------------------------
LSJ Employees, LLC 
Mailing Address: 6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 St. Thomas, VI 00802-1348 
General contact information Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: Isi.islandaamail.com 
Accounts payable department contact information isi.andeem a il.com Fax: 
Check Request Form 
Date of Request: 
Amount Requested: 
$200 Cu to 
Z-1141,6, 3 
2/20/13 
Payee: 
Travis Case 
Payee Address: PO Box 10234 
SI Thomas 
VI 00803 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
GL Description: 
GL Code: 
2/19/13 
Mechanic 
60035C 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
GL Description: 
GL Code: 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
Invoice No. / Memo:  
GL Description: 
GL Description: 
GL Code: 
GL Code: 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
Invoice No./ Memo:  
GL Description: 
GL Description: 
GL Code: 
GL Code: 
Special Notes / Instructions: 
JE did not wish to move forward with Travis's employment 
Authorization: 
EFTA01188341

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188342.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Island Marine - Bob Kasner 
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 15:19:30 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313022117470.pdf 
Attached are 4 separate invoices (32.5 hours) from Island Marine all being billed at $75 per hour totaling 
$2,437.50 
At $75 per hour Bob's annual salary would be $156,000 
Below is email i sent to Brice on February 1st (dates of invoices are 1/23, 1/29, 1/31 & 2/1) stating that all work 
must be fixed price 
I do not trust this guy at all!! 
Please advise if I should release check. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Date: February 21, 2013 4:51:40 PM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
From: Richard Kahn <I 
Date: Februa 
1, 2013 11:10:25 AM EST 
To: 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Island Marine 
Brice 
Please review attached invoices with Jeffrey in your meeting today. 
Island Marine continues to charge us an hourly rate of $75 
JEE wants all work to be fixed price 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA01188342
--- PAGE 2 ---
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax
cell 
EFTA01188343

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188344.pdf
----------------------------------------
Island Marine & Industrial 
Services LLC 
6501 Red Hook Plaza 4:•201 
St Thomas 
VI 00802 
Phone 
TO: 
SHIP TO: 
LSJ Employees, LLC 
NA 
Little St 3ames Island 
611:0 Red Hook Quarters Suite 8-3 
St Thomas 
USVI 0802-1348 
COMMENTS OR SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: 
Lille St James Islane to Provide all Material 
• 
DATE: FEBRUARY 20, 2013 
CONTACT 
P.O. NUMBER 
Project 
Dates 
. _ 
Brice Gordon 
N/A 
B:g N 
1/23, 1/29, 
1/31 
QUANTITY 
L-S7 
DESCRIPTION 
stkrtraccProvidea Material & Parts for 
Replacea both Salt Water Intake Pumps & Filters 
Cnecked & Tested au Thermostats 
- parts list was forwarded, approved & ordered 
TERMS 
C.O.D 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
26.6 WS oF. 
14(RJOR. @ WHIZ 
Note: Original Ixd not to exceed $1,500.00, based on me replacement 
Of One Salt Water Intake Pump and checking Thermostats, but a 
became apparent that both Salt Water Intake Pumps needed to be 
replaced 
2,137.50 
EFTA01188344
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUBTOTAL 
DEPOSIT 
TOTAL CUE 
Make all checks payable to Island Marine & Industrial Service LLC 
If yOu nave any Questions concerning this invoice, please contact, Sob Kassner, 
Thank you for your business! 
2,137.50 
EFTA01188345
--- PAGE 3 ---
Island Marine & Industrial 
Services LLC 
6501 Red Hook Plaza §201 
St Thomas 
VI 001302 
Pnone 
TO: 
SHIP TO: 
LS) Employees, LLC 
NA 
Little St James 1Siand 
BIM Red -look Quarters Suite 9-3 
St Thomas 
USVI 
COMMENTS OR SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: 
Little 5: James island to Provide all Material 
DATE: FEBRUARY 20, 2013 
CONTACT 
Brce Gordon 
P.O. NUMBER 
Project 
IVA 
Big 
Dates 
2/1 
TERMS 
C.G.D 
QUANTITY 
DESCRIPTION 
UNIT PRICE 
TOTAL 
✓e 
rovided Material & Parts which were on site 
Replacement of Myd Pump Loviciy 
FIR's OF Loam. e 
95/Hg. 
3"L0 00 
SUBTOTAL 
DEPOSIT
TOTAL DUE 
. 
300.00 
EFTA01188346
--- PAGE 4 ---
Mare all checks payable to Island Marine & Industrial Service LLC 
If you have any questions concerning this invoice, please contact, Sob Kassner, 
Thank you for your business! 
EFTA01188347
--- PAGE 5 ---
LSJ Employees, LLC 
Mailing Address: 6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 St. Thomas, VI 00802-13.18 
General contact information Tel: 
Fax: 
E-mail: Isi.islandaiemail.com 
Accounts payable department contact information Is i.it OKA Qina ileum Fax: 
Check Request Form 
Date of Request: 
2:20;!3 
ir '40
 \I'
d@Z
Amount Requested- 
S2A37.50 
Payee: 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
Gt. Description: 
GL Code: 
dame 2i2 c 13 - 52.137 50 
- Repa
MT • 60155* 
Payee Address: 6501 Red Hook 
Plaza #201 
St T 
ma 
802 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
GL Description: 
GI. Code: 
dazed b2 
MT • Repair 
MT 60155A 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
Invoice No. / Memo:  
GI. Description: 
GL Description: 
GL Code: 
GL Code: 
Invoice No. / Memo: 
Invoice No. / Memo:  
GL Description: 
GL Description: 
GL Code: 
GL Code: 
Special Notes I Instructions: 
Please Note - Hydr Pump LovJoy - this pump controls the Hydro Fluid to the Rams for the Ramp. 
which failed This was a new part from LSJ inventory. we suspect this part was faulty 
Authorization:CH k..1, 
-Gc ,,L, 
EFTA01188348

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188349.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: picasso painting 
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 17:39:54 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: the-beach-in-garoupe-1955.jpg; the-beach-in-garoupe-1955-1.jpg!Large.jpg 
hi jeffrey, 
..i was searching for a picasso painting that would work with tha beach picasso painting, and i found one somehow 
similar to the painting we have(the first attachment) 
i think we can use some elements from that painting, make it less busy and pick some colors from the painting we have, 
maybe some of the colored dots from the old painting and maybe one of the big square orange or blue shapes we have in 
the old painting.. 
what do you think? it seems picasso did both beach paintings somehow in the same period of time. 
maybe you saw already this painting..i told sue to do a print for me a day before..i wanted to show you in prints, put one 
near the other.. 
thank you, 
ion 
EFTA01188349

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188350.pdf
----------------------------------------
VA 
EFTA01188350

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188351.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
• 
• 
I 
co 
• 
• 
R 
EFTA01188351

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188352.pdf
----------------------------------------
Need following replacement Parts for a 2001 International 4900 Fuel Truck 
Ser#1HTSDADNX1H332042 
Attached Photos for reference 
Fuel Tank, with lining, strap, gauge 
Air Tank, cradle and cable 
Complete muffler system 
Battery box cover 
Front and rear bumpers 
Diesel Hose on reel 
Diesel Hose from tank to pump 
1/4 turn valve diesel overflow 
Filter intake cover Left side 
Gas pump complete 
Cab Complete 
EFTA01188352

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188353.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
GALLONS 
START 
;Pr 
MID : COM ELECTRONIC 141GISTER 
*stve St I OliaPt) It N on Wit In CORP ofAwl on IOW Ai 
s, 
MOM, 
Si RIM. 
Tr MP, mount vvt VAR roMPAposAws ..4.iii.. I 
f ' 
PROD 
' DORI4
MI ..- .,„.
-- 
APPROVAL NO. i 
- * 
'in
' 
opatuctim. 
• 1 
.., 
EFTA01188353

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188354.pdf
----------------------------------------
dik 
ty,i1 
41111 fra-se. rialC 
EFTA01188354

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188355.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
• 
EFTA01188355

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188356.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CHELSE 
• 
PT: 
ft., 
V1$04 FOR 
P RAT NG► 
EFTA01188356

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188357.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188357

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188358.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01188358

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188359.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188359

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188360.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188360

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188361.pdf
----------------------------------------
r 
:s
EFTA01188361

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188362.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188362

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188363.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Rich Barnett  
Subject: 71st entryway 
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 21:51:27 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313022217240.pdf 
Attached is correspondence from Penn who came in at 25,000 
The other bid received (see attached) was from Simply Elegant in the amount of 14,730 
Please advise if you would like another bid or proceed with Simply Elegant (i will try to negotiate a better price) 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Penn Baluyut"  
Date: February 20, 2013 9:44:57 PM EST 
To: "'Richard Kahn" 
Subject: RE: 
Hi Richard, 
I am very sorry for the delay in submitting this quotation because I asked Anthony Barrett for guidance. 
I feel very hesitant to submit this bid because of the nature of the work due to the sensitivity of the lobby involve 
particularly the big paintings on both walls. The protections of the paintings and the nature of work in the ceiling special 
artistic method. 
The price of the electrician alone is $13,000.00 for all the breaking of 13 to 15 holes on the ceiling and walls. The 
contract is separate between you and the electrician which I will forward to you. 
The construction is by Richfield and the scopes of work are the following: Provide insurance certificates, protections of 
walls and floor, installation of scaffold, patching all the holes made by electrician, plastering, painting of entire walls, 
painting of ceiling with special artistic painting method and clean up. The price is $12,000.00. 
Thank you for the opportunity to offer our services. 
Sincerely, 
Penn D. Baluyut 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, January 31, 2013 11:32 AM 
EFTA01188363
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: Penn 
Cc: A Barrett 
Subject: Re: 
can you please update me on status of quote 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jan 25, 2013, at 1:52 PM, Penn wrote: 
We met Richard today with my electrician and we will give you the price early next week. Where do I send the 
price? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 24, 2013, at 4:27 PM, Richard Kahn 
any update on timing for you and electrician coming by 71st street 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jan 22, 2013, at 12:44 PM, Penn wrote: 
Ok thank you very much 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 22, 2013, at 12:38 PM, Richard Kahn 
Penn 
> wrote: 
> wrote: 
We are confirmed for today at 9 east 71st street 
You will be meeting Rich Barnett who i copied on this email 
Please call me with any questions and submit your bid to me if you are interested in the job 
Thank you 
EFTA01188364
--- PAGE 3 ---
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jan 22, 2013, at 11:59 AM, Penn wrote: 
Can we meet at 3-4pm today 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 22, 2013, at 11:15 AM, Richard Kahn cza 
wrote: 
sorry we were not working yesterday 
are you available today or tomorrow to review work scope? 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jan 20, 2013, at 9:34 PM, Penn wrote: 
Hi Richard, thank ou for your inquiry. Please let me know tomorrow Monday if you want to meet. My 
cell is 
Penn 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 18, 2013, at 12:37 PM, Richard Kahn <I 
 wrote: 
can you please call me regarding bidding some work at 9 east 71st street for jeffrey 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
EFTA01188365
--- PAGE 4 ---
From:  
Date: February 22, 2013 4:24:12 PM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01188366

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188367.pdf
----------------------------------------
Simply Elegant LTD. 
General Contracting 
191 Newel Street 
Brooklyn. NY 11222 
Voice: 
Fax: 
terrywala@simplyelegantltd.com 
Proposal #801-02 
Richard Barnett 
July 2.2012 
REF: 9 E 71 Street 
ENTRY LIGHTING 
1. TO SUPPLY AND INSTALL EIGHT (8) 
USA ILLUMINATION HALLOGENE 
LIGHTS WITH A DEDICATED SWITCH. 
LIGHTS ALLOW. 
$ 4,800.00 
LABOR 
$ 4,000.00 
2. TO SUPPLY AND INSTALL AND TAKE 
DOWN SCAFFOLDING. 
$ 1,650.00 
3. TO PLASTER HOLES AFTER ELECTRICIANS 
AND PAINT CEILING. 
$ 1.825.00 
TOTAL 
$12,275.00 
GENERAL CONDITION OVERHEAD AND PROFIT 
$ 2.455.00 
GRAND TOTAL 
$14,730.00 
NOTE: WE WILLL NEED TO PROBE THE CEILING TO ENSURE HOUSING 
WILL FIT IN DESIRED LOCATIONS. 
EFTA01188367

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188368.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ian Osborne -rzl 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: from Facebook 
Date: Sat, 23 Feb 2013 04:11:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: Sereen_Shot_2013-02-23_at_04.11.10.png 
Arianna Huffington 
Just landed in LA. Looking forward to celebrating "Intelligent 
Governance for the 21st Century" by Nicolas Berggruen and 
Nathan Gardels. 
Unlike Comment • Share - 4 hours ago • 0.4
go You and 286 others like this. 
shares 
op View 40 more comments 
III
Kelly Graham Happy Ted 
about an hour ago via mobile • Like - so 1 
a 
Pop Eye hor are you 
about an hour ago Like 
Dag
'-; 
Mallesh Anugula hi arianna how is today 
minutes ago • Like 
roli
 Virginia Fox Stay healthy. I hear they have a TB outbreak. 
minutes ago via mobile • Like 
Write a comment... 
EFTA01188368

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188369.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: c
>
CC: 
EFTA01188369
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188370
--- PAGE 3 ---
, <IMCEAEX-ii*CURRENT-
SCIENCE-
GROI 
DI '-F. XCHANGE+20ADMIN I STRATIVP 20G ROIJ P+20+28FYDIBOHF23SPDLT+29_C 
EFTA01188371
--- PAGE 4 ---
Subject: Ifs 60 years since the discovery of the structure of DNA 
Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2013 12:11:19 +0000 
Attachments: EPimsUpload1361793710047-60th_DNA_anniversary.html 
EFTA01188372
--- PAGE 5 ---
If you're having trouble viewing this message, click to view in your default browser 
„logo, Web of Stories :: Press Release 
Leb;,<b>60th ANNIVERSARY OF DNA STRUCTURE 
DISCOVERY4b> 
Web of Stones 
Middlesex House 
34-42 Cleveland Street 
London WI T 418 
0323 
DWw webofslOnetaa 
ft oetoolstories 
xv.m.feeebcok.comPoeborsiar,-
rr 
EFTA01188373
--- PAGE 6 ---
60th ANNIVERSARY OF DNA STRUCTURE DISCOVERY 
London, UK I 25th February 2013 
For immediate release 
It's 60 years since the discovery of the structure of DNA, and 
what better way to mark the occasion than to watch Noble 
prize-winning  biologists Crick and Watson recount their 
memories of this groundbreaking  work in a series of 
compelling recordings?
Sixty years ago, Francis Crick. James 
Watson, Maurice Wilkins and Rosalind 
Franklin solved a mystery that had been 
puzzling scientists for decades when they 
determined the structure of the double 
helix in DNA which has led to countless 
scientific advances ever since. While the 
findings were officially published for the 
first time on 25 April 1953 in Nature, the 
news was unofficially broken in a 
Cambridge pub, The Eagle, on 28 
February 1953. For this discovery, Crick. 
Watson and Wilkins were awarded the 
1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or 
Medicine. 
Web of Stories truly brings the scale of 
this discovery to life with a host of 
insightful recordings from Watson and 
Crick as well as other scientists and 
biologists who share their views and tell 
their stories in their own words. 
In a series of fascinating dips. Watson 
recounts the realization that he and Crick 
had determined the structure of DNA: 
'About 24 hours after being fold that I was 
wasting my lime, I changed the location 
of the hydrogen atoms on the paper. 
cardboard base pairs that 
made, and 
did that on the last day of February of 
1953. a Saturday morning. And had put 
together the right base pairs by 10 or 
10.30 when Francis saw them. and they 
ware the same size. And then he 
immediately realized if you AV flop them 
over they could. any base could be on 
either chain, and you could... the chains 
going. and the shveture meant the chains 
went in opposite directions, which the 
space group had predicted... So that all 
probably occurred within 10 minutes. 
That was it...That was the moment.' 
Crick reminisces about how it took a 
long time for their work to gain credit 'it 
went in... various stages of being a 
good idea to being pretty plausible to 
being fairly probable to being very 
probable fo being almost certainly right, 
but... that final stage took 25 years.' 
Crick goes on to share stories of how 
he and Watson worked together. how 
their work on DNA has shaped science 
for the future and his thoughts on the 
controversy around Rosalind Franklin 
and the Nobel Prize. 
Other key scientists can be viewed 
discussing this discovery and its 
implications. 
MI of these fascinating recordings can 
be watched as a number of short clips 
ranging in length between one and 
several minutes, with a fully searchable 
transcript MI Web of Stories videos are 
easy to share with friends and 
colleagues, and may be embedded into 
personal blogs and websites. 
TO find nut mom clink here 
O2013 Web of Stories I Damil;S2 
i f-
plans= 
For further information, please reply to niuggwebofstoriec.com
NOTES FOR EDITORS 
ABOUT WEB OF STORIES 
Everyone has a story to tell. Over time many 
stories become forgotten. but now Web of 
Stones otters members of the public the than. 
to tell their stones for future generabons to 
enjoy. The project is built on the belief that we 
all have wander/id stones to share. and have 
Welty and Mends whose tales we would like to 
hear. 
Web of Stones began as an archive of rile 
stones told by some of the great scientists. 
writers and attests of our time. As the number of 
stones grew. it became obvious that some were 
on related topics and that a web was slowly 
being created of Connected stones. 
We welcome anyone to come and lark about 
vilually anything they like. Just like our famous 
speakers. vie hope you will record your stones 
for others to enjoy 
CONTACT 
For more information on Web of Stories or any 
other video interview with Web of Stories please 
contact the Press Desk on 
0323 or 
Should you wish to refer to Web of Stories and 
our ndeo interviews please ensure that a link to 
Web of Stones is dearly viewable on your see. 
EFTA01188374

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188375.pdf
----------------------------------------
If you're having trouble viewing this message. click to view in your default browser 
;Sago, Web of Stories :: Press Release 
b>60th ANNIVERSARY OF DNA STRUCTURE 
DISCOVERY<b> 
60th ANNIVERSARY OF DNA STRUCTURE 
DISCOVERY 
London. UK l 25th February 2013 
For immediate release 
It's 60 years since the discovery of the structure of DNA, 
and what better way to mark the occasion than to watch 
Noble prize-winning biologists Crick and Watson recount 
their memories of this groundbreaking work in a series of 
compelling recordings? 
Sixty years ago, Francis Crick, James 
Watson, Maurice Wilkins and Rosalind 
Franklin solved a mystery that had been 
puzzling scientists for decades when 
they determined the structure of the 
double helix in DNA which has led to 
countless scientific advances ever since. 
While the findings were officially 
published for the first time on 25 April 
1953 in Nature, the news was unofficially 
broken in a Cambridge pub, The Eagle, 
on 28 February 1953. For this discovery, 
Crick, Watson and Wilkins were awarded 
the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or 
Medicine. 
Web of Stories truly brings the scale of 
this discovery to life with a host of 
insightful recordings from Watson and 
Crick as well as other scientists and 
biologists who share their views and tell 
their stories in their own words. 
In a series of fascinating clips, Watson 
recounts the realization that he and Crick 
had determined the structure of DNA: 
'About 24 hours after being told that 
was wasting my time, l changed the 
location of the hydrogen atoms on the 
paper, cardboard base pairs that. 
made, and did that on the last day of 
February of 1953, a Saturday morning. 
And had put together the right base pairs 
by 10 or 10.30 when Francis saw them. 
and they were the same size. And then 
Crick reminisces about how it took a 
long time for their work to gain credit: 
'It went in... various stages of being a 
good idea to being pretty plausible to 
being fairly probable to being very 
probable to being almost certainly 
right, but.. that final stage took 25 
years.' 
Crick goes on to share stories of how 
he and Watson worked together, how 
their work on DNA has shaped science 
for the future and his thoughts on the 
controversy around Rosalind Franklin 
and the Nobel Prize. 
Other key scientists can be viewed 
discussing this discovery and its 
implications. 
All of these fascinating recordings can 
be watched as a number of short clips 
ranging in length between one and 
several minutes, with a fully 
searchable transcript. All Web of 
Stories videos are easy to share with 
friends and colleagues, and may be 
embedded into personal blogs and 
websites. 
To find out more. click here ) 
Web of Stones 
Middlesex House 
34-42 Cleveland Street 
London WIT 4L8 
1.11(0)20 7323 0323 
pressgrivetoNtones.corn 
www.weitolstones.ccm 
gwebofstones 
vnvo.facebook.com%veborstones 
NOTES FOR EDITORS 
ABOUT WEB OF STORIES 
Everyone has a story to tell. Over time many stories 
become forgotten. but now Web of Stories otters 
members of the pubic the chance to tel Mee stories 
for future generations to enpy. The ()stied is built on 
the beief that we all nave wonderful stories to share. 
and have family and friends ‘vhose tales we would like 
to hear. 
Web of Stories began as an archive of Ida stones told 
by some of the great scientists. wmers and artists of 
our time. M the number of stones grew. n became 
obvious that some here on related topics and that a 
web was Manly being created of connected stories. 
We welcome anyone to come and talk about visually 
anythng they site. Just like our famous speakers. we 
hope you wd record your stories for others to espy. 
CONTACT 
For more information on Web of Stones or any other 
video interview with web of Stones please contact the 
Press Desk on 
+44(0)20 7323 0323 or press@webofstories.ccm 
Should you wish to refer to Web of Stories and our 
video oriterwswfs please ensure that a link to Web of 
Stories is death/ viewable on your site. 
EFTA01188375
--- PAGE 2 ---
he immediately realized if you flip Rap 
them over they could, any base could be 
on either chain, and you could... the 
chains going, and the structure meant 
the chains went in opposite directions, 
which the space group had predicted... 
So that all probably occurred within 10 
minutes. That was it...That was the 
moment.' 
t2013 Mb of Stares I www.webolsiorles.com 
ur 
ur 
ur 
ur 
EFTA01188376

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: DoubleLine Levereaged Fund- Existing Investor Call- TOMORROW, February 26th, 2013 at 
I lam NY / 4pm London 
Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2013 15:34:37 +0000 
Attachments: DoubleLine Leveraged - Existing_Investor Call Invite - 2013.02.26-pdizip 
J.P. Morgan invites you to participate in an investor conference call 
To update you on the investment activities of the 
DoubleLine Leveraged Fund 
Featuring 
Jeffrey Gundlach 
Chief Executive Officer & Chief Investment Officer 
DoubleLine Capital LP 
Date: Tuesday, February 26th, 2013 
Time: 11:00am NY / 4:00pm London 
Call-in Numbers: 
Within the U.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong: 
Singapore: 
Passcode: DOUBLE LINE 
The Conference Call will be replayed through April 26th, 2013 
Replay Numbers: 
Within the U.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong: 
Singapore: 
Conference ID: 96002741 
Please call your J.P. Morgan representative if you have any questions. 
This invitation is confidential and intended solely for the use of J.P. Morgan professionals and the clients/prospects to 
whom it has been delivered. It is not to be reproduced or distributed to any other person except to the client's 
professional advisors. 
EFTA01188377
--- PAGE 2 ---
Private investments are subject to special risks and individuals must meet specific suitability standards before investing. Aso reminder, hedge funds [or funds of hedge 
funds), private equity funds and the like: Often engage in leveraging and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; Can be 
highly illiquid; Are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; May involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important 
tax information; Are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds; and Often charge high fees. Further, any number of conflicts of interest may exist 
in the context of the management and/or operation of any such fund. For complete information, please refer to the applicable Offering Memorandum. Securities are 
mode available through IA. Morgan Securities LLC, Member MIK NYSE and SIPC and its broker-dealer affiliates. Doubleline Leveraged Fund is not an affiliate of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or any of its affiliated or subsidiary companies. 
Investment Products: -Not FDIC Insured -No Bank Guarantee -May Lose Value 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01188378

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188379.pdf
----------------------------------------
J.P.Morgan 
M. Morgan invites you to participate in an investor conference call 
To update you on the investment activities of the 
DoubleLine Leveraged Fund 
Featuring 
Jeffrey Gundlach 
Chief Executive Officer & Chief Investment Officer 
DoubleLine Capital LP 
Date: Tuesday, February 2e, 2013 
Time: 11:00am NY / 4:00pm London 
Call-in Numbers: 
Within the U.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong 
Singapore: 
Passcode: DOUBLE LINE 
The Conference Call will be replayed through April 26th, 2013 
Replay Numbers: 
Within the U.S.: 
Outside the U.S.: 
Hong Kong: 
Singapore: 
Conference ID: 96002741 
Please call your J.P. Morgan representative if you have any questions. 
This invitation is confidential and intended solely for the use of M. Morgan professionals and 
the clients/prospects to whom it has been delivered. It is not to be reproduced or distributed to 
any other person except to the client's professional advisors. 
Private investments are subject to special risks and individuals roust meet specific suitability standards before investing. Asa reminder, hedge 
funds (or funds of hedge funds), private equity funds and the like: Often engage in leveraging and other speculative investment practices that 
may increase the risk of investment loss; Can be highly iliquid; Are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; 
May involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax information; Are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
mutual funds; and Often charge high fees. Further, any number of conflicts of interest may exist in the context of the management and/or 
operation of any such fund. For complete information, please refer to the applicable Offering Memorandum. Securities are made available 
through 1.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Member FINRA, NYSE and SIPC and its broker-dealer affiliates. DoubleLine Leveraged Fund is not an affiliate 
of "Morgan Chase Bank, NA. or any of its affiliated or subsidiary companies. 
Investment Products: 
-Not FDIC Insured 
-No Bank Guarantee 
-May Lose Value 
EFTA01188379

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188380.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Bruce Galloway 
Date: Thu, 06 Mar 2014 10:02:03 +0000 
Attachments: Bruce_Gallowayresume.doc; Model_Portfolio-NN.wk20140228.xlsx; Track_Record2013-
FEB2014.xlsx 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bruce Galloway
Date: March 5, 2014, 11:42:24 PM EST 
To: "Lesley Groff'  
Subject: FW: 
Updated Us . Is he alive? 
From: eugene kim [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2014 11:27 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Attached are: 
Resume; 
Model Portfolio (updated thru 2.28) 
2013-2/2014 Track record (updated thru end Feb. 2014) 
I will send across the updated presentation by Friday. Please let me know how it 
goes. Am eager to know whether the fund is happening or not. 
EK 
From: 
To: Eugene < 
Sent: Monday, March 3, 2014 11:56 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Can you. Please just add Feb to the spread sheet , so I can send it out. Want to keep people warm. 
Thanks. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: eugene kim 
EFTA01188380
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Sun, 2 Mar 2014 19:27:25 -0800 PST 
To: 
< 
> 
ReplyTo: eugene kim < 
> 
Subject: Re: 
I will get it out to you later this week. 
Am tied up on something that I need to get out by Wed. Once done, I will update 
the powerpoint and performance numbers. Will try to get something out to you 
before the end of the week. 
EK 
From: 
To: Eugene < 
Sent: Monday, March 3, 2014 9:03 AM 
Subject: 
Good news + again for Feb. +5.2 percent. 
Jacombs. 404 starting value. +25.3, -45.4. Adj starting 
value 384. Ending value 353.6. For -7.9. BG IRA. Starting value. 870. -25.3. Adj 844.7. Ending 
value. 939. +11.1. Total value 1228.7 beginning. 1296.6 ending value for a total of +5.2 percent. 
How was the model portfolio?? I figure +25 percent or +15mm. Can you do email to me with the 13-
actual performance#s My CV, and the powerpoint, highlighting my 92-09 track record. We really 
need to key this up now. I'm gonna get on it. Marketing is not my thing but I have to do it. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
EFTA01188381

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188382.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: PMW Bulletin
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Protocols of the Elders of Zion alive and well in the PA 
Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2013 17:30:17 +0000 
ThLThLThLThLThLmTL'iG'i 
Bulletin 
Feb. 25, 2013 
Old Antisemitic forgery alive and well in the PA: 
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion 
Op-ed published by Palestinian news agency Ma'an: 
"One wonders if the Jews belong to some other kind of human 
species... From where does all this evil and destructive energy derive? 
Do all the other nations deserve all this evil and hostility, just so that 
Jews may control them?" 
PA Imam on PA TV: 
"Our enemies [the Jews] say: ... 'We must strive to destroy the moral 
values so that we can easily rule the world.' That's in The Protocols of 
the Elders of Zion." 
hdpApalwatch.org/main.aspx?fi=1578,doc id=8600 
by Itamar Marcus and Nan Jacques Zilberdik 
The Palestinian news agency Ma'an continues to include Antisemitic content on 
its website. Currently the op-ed section features an article presenting the old 
Antisemitic forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion as a true document 
delineating the Jews' plan to subjugate the world. 
Opinion piece by Walid Shomaly: 
"The Protocols of the Elders of Zion are a kind of plan formulated by the 
Jews to infiltrate the world and take it over. While many Jewish leaders claim 
that they (the Protocols) are a forgery and one of the greatest political 
fabrications of the modern era, others confirm that they are true and that they 
are the most dangerous plot of global domination that history has ever 
known." 
Having described the content of some of the protocols, the writer demonizes all 
Jews: 
"Now, after this quick review of a few of these protocols, one wonders if the 
Jews belong to some other kind of human species, different from other 
nations. From where does all this evil and destructive energy derive? Do all 
the other nations deserve all this evil and hostility, just so that Jews may 
control them? Do all nations other than Jews really have clouded minds?" 
EFTA01188382
--- PAGE 2 ---
And he wonders about the extent of Jewish world domination already today: 
"Have most of the things that appear in the Protocols been implemented in 
the West and in the East? Did the idea of a Jewish world government begin 
to be carried out towards the end of the last century? And does the US rule 
the world today in the name of the new world order for the benefit of the 
Jews, in accordance with these Protocols? Are we on the brink of the 
establishment of an evident Jewish world government? Until we have 
answers to these questions and ponderings - as well as others - we say, 
'May Allah help us, we the children of Palestine..." 
When describing how one of the protocols "calls to crush religious authority, 
especially the papacy," Shomaly condemns Christians Zionist in the US as 
"Zionists in the guise of Christians": 
"We see how approximately eighty million Zionist Christians in the United 
States itself give Israel their absolute support, claiming [to belong to] 
Christianity while they in fact have no connection with it, for these people are 
Zionists in the guise of Christians. Thus they can achieve two goals: The 
first, to smash Christian values and perceptions from within; and the second, 
to support Zionism by legitimizing its occupation and settling of Palestine." 
According to the writer, the Protocols include among other things the following: 
"The first protocol calls for the spread of anarchy and wars... [and] contains 
plans to spread corruption in the world in order to establish firm Jewish rule... 
Jews are to entice men through liquor, debauchery, and women, and to use 
fraud, bribery, and betrayal to achieve their goals." 
"The second protocol calls for a takeover of government, education, and the 
press. The fourth protocol calls for a takeover of trade and the destruction of 
religion." 
"While the seventh protocol calls to instigate global wars, the ninth lays out 
plans to destroy moral values and dispatch agents." 
"As far as education is concerned, the sixteenth protocol calls for corrupting 
it so as to reduce gentiles to creatures incapable of independent thought. 
Regarding religion, the seventeenth protocol calls to crush religious authority, 
especially the papacy." 
"As regards impoverishing the nations and starving them so as to control 
them, the twentieth protocol calls for drowning countries in debts, and then 
forcing them to borrow from Jewish wealth at high interest rates, so that 
these countries will remain subservient and under their control." 
A longer excerpt of this article from Ma'an appears below. 
PA TV recently broadcast a statement by a Palestinian Imam who likewise 
referred to The Protocols of the Elders of Zion as an authentic Jewish work. He 
said the "enemies" intend to corrupt Muslims with wine and woman, which was a 
tactic set down in The Protocols of the Elders of Zion: 
"Our enemies say: 
'A glass of wine and a pretty woman can harm Muhammad's nation more 
than a thousand canons. 
EFTA01188383
--- PAGE 3 ---
We must strive to destroy the moral 
values so that we can easily rule the 
world.' 
That's in The Protocols of the Elders of 
Zion." 
Click to view 
When PMW recently documented 
Antisemitic content on Ma'an's website 
Ma'an was quick to remove it promising to 
"re-examine the policy of publishing readers' articles to avoid the occurrence of 
similar mistakes." 
However, the very next day, Ma'an posted another op-ed, this time one denying 
the Holocaust. This was also removed following PMW's exposure. 
Ma'an News Agency is part of Ma'an Network, which on its website currently lists 
as some of its "partners and donors": The European Commission (the EU), 
UNDP, UNESCO, the Government of Denmark, the Government of the 
Netherlands, UKaid. It is unclear from the Ma'an website which of these donors 
still fund them today. 
PMW documents the existence in the PA of the libel of The Protocols of the 
Elders of Zion 
PMW documents Demonization of Jew/Israelis 
The following is a longer excerpt of the article on Ma'an's website referring 
to the Protocols of the Elders of Zion as a true document: 
Headline: "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion: Where do we stand as far as 
they are concerned?" By Dr. Walid Shomaly, Ma'an 
"The Protocols of the Elders of Zion consist of 24 protocols that are a kind of 
plan formulated by the Jews to infiltrate the world and take it over. While 
many Jewish leaders claim that they (the Protocols) are a forgery and one of 
the greatest political fabrications of the modern era, others confirm that they 
are true and that they are the most dangerous plot of global domination that 
history has ever known. 
These protocols appeared in Russia in 1901 in the Znamya newspaper in St. 
Petersburg, at the request of Russian Czar Nicolas II. The full version was 
published in 1905 by a man named Sergei Nilus. Each of these protocols 
has its strategic goals that Jews try to achieve. Since discussing each 
protocol in depth is beyond the scope of this work, I shall shed light on [only] 
a few of the central ideas in some of these protocols, not all of them. 
The first protocol calls for the spread of anarchy and wars. It says: 'There are 
more people with bad instincts than with noble instincts, and therefore the 
best results for world domination can be achieved through violence and 
terror, rather than through academic discourse. Might makes right'... 
Also, the first protocol contains plans to spread corruption in the world in 
order to establish firm Jewish rule that will reconstruct the order shattered by 
liberalism. Jews are to entice men through liquor, debauchery, and women, 
and to use fraud, bribery, and betrayal to achieve their goals. 
The second protocol calls for a takeover of government, education, and the 
press. The fourth protocol calls for a takeover of trade and the destruction of 
religion - especially Christianity - and to overthrow the papacy, for they 
EFTA01188384
--- PAGE 4 ---
conspire to dissociate the concept of God from Christian nations and leave 
them absorbed in manufacturing, trade, and material matters. This is indeed 
what we see in western countries where to a great degree materialism 
prevails over their societies. 
While the seventh protocol calls to instigate global wars, the ninth lays out 
plans to destroy moral values and dispatch agents. The thirteenth protocol 
calls to deaden awareness among the masses, and the fifteenth protocol 
calls for coups d'etat and setting up secret cells. 
Thus, according to their claims, the Jews will gain control through a number 
of sudden coups d'etat that will occur simultaneously in all countries. They 
will seize control quickly, as governments announce that they are no longer 
capable of ruling the people. 
We clearly see the pompous attitude of Jews towards goyim, that is gentiles, 
people who are not Jewish, in the following quotation from the fifteenth 
protocol: 'From the difference between the fertileness of our minds and those 
of the goyim, the advantages God bestowed upon us ever since He took us 
as His chosen people become clear, and the high level of humanity that was 
given us becomes apparent. As for the goyim, their minds are stagnant. They 
have eyes but do not see what is before them. They do not invent and do not 
create [anything] other than perhaps material things. From this we learn that 
nature itself has destined us to lead the world and rule it.' 
As far as education is concerned, the sixteenth protocol calls for corrupting it 
so as to reduce gentiles to creatures incapable of independent thought. 
Regarding religion, the seventeenth protocol calls to crush religious authority, 
especially the papacy. It says: 'When our time comes to utterly crush the 
papacy, a hidden hand will give the sign for an attack, and when people fling 
themselves against the Vatican, we will appear as its defenders to stop the 
massacres. Thus we shall penetrate the depths of this court, and there will 
be no power on earth capable of removing us from it, until we will have 
destroyed papal rule. The king of Israel will become the world's real pope, 
patriarch of the international church.' 
In this context we see how approximately eighty million Zionist Christians in 
the United States itself give Israel their absolute support, claiming [to belong 
to] Christianity while they in fact have no connection with it, for these people 
are Zionists in the guise of Christians. Thus they can achieve two goals: The 
first, to smash Christian values and perceptions from within; and the second, 
to support Zionism by legitimizing its occupation and settling of Palestine. 
Their pretext is that the Day of Judgment will come after the Battle of 
Armageddon, i.e., Mount Megiddo overlooking Marj ibn Amer (i.e., the 
Jezreel Valley, ed.). According to their belief, all Jews in the world are to 
assemble in Palestine for that battle, and at its conclusion 44,000 [Jews] will 
remain. 
As regards impoverishing the nations and starving them so as to control 
them, the twentieth protocol calls for drowning countries in debts, and then 
forcing them to borrow from Jewish wealth at high interest rates, so that 
these countries will remain subservient and under their control. 
Now, after this quick review of a few of these protocols, one wonders if the 
Jews belong to some other kind of human species, different from other 
nations. From where does all this evil and destructive energy derive? Do all 
the other nations deserve all this evil and hostility, just so that Jews may 
control them? Do all nations other than Jews really have clouded minds? 
We do not deny the Jews' many contributions in science and general thought 
that have served humanity for ages... (Here Shomaly cites Philo, 
Maimonides, Spinoza, Freud, Marx, Kafka, Chagall, Disraeli, Einstein, and 
EFTA01188385
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jacques Derrida, ed.)... If we were to review all the Jews' contributions in all 
fields, we would need many pages, just as [we would need] for non-Jewish 
thinkers, geniuses and scientists. 
We must note that Jews, especially since the beginning of the second half of 
the nineteenth century, persisted in their claim that European nations hated 
them and had contempt for them because they were Semites and not 
Aryans, something that led them to invent a new term, 'anti-Semite' in order 
to take advantage of that term to achieve their goals and succeed in their 
conspiracies. The Protocols were designed to organize these goals and 
categorize them so that they would not go off course in future generations. 
This makes us wonder: Have most of the things that appear in the Protocols 
been implemented in the west and in the east? Did the idea of a Jewish 
world government begin to be carried out towards the end of the last 
century? And does the US rule the world today in the name of the new world 
order for the benefit of the Jews, in accordance with these Protocols? Are we 
on the brink of the establishment of an evident Jewish world government? 
Until we have answers to these questions and ponderings - as well as others 
- we say, 'May Allah help us, we the children of Palestine bent under the 
yoke of the cruelest settler occupation that modern history has known; this 
people that the Zionist movement's leaders want to subject to the 'illusions of 
their Protocols' with all their evil ideas that contradict human nature of the 
inhabitants of this planet.' 
[Ma'an, Feb. 9, 2013] 
The following is the transcript of the Palestinian Imam's statement: 
Imam Salah Al-Mitan: 
"Our enemies say: 'A glass of wine and a pretty woman can harm 
Muhammad's nation more than a thousand canons. 
We must strive to destroy the moral values so that we can easily rule the 
world.' 
That's in The Protocols of the Elders of Zion." 
[PA TV (Fatah), Feb. 3, 2012; 
Speak Up co-produced with PYALARA (EU-funded NGO)] 
Note: The Protocols of the Elders of Zion is an Antisemitic forgery describing how 
Jews allegedly plan to subjugate the world under Jewish rule. It was published in 
Russia in 1903 and translated into multiple languages. In 1921 The Protocols of 
the Elders of Zion was exposed as a false document. 
PYALARA, the producer of this program, is funded by NDC. 
NDC's international donors include: the European Union, the World Bank, the 
Agence Fran?aise de D?veloppement that works on behalf of the French 
government, a donor consortium of Switzerland, Denmark, the Netherlands and 
Sweden, the Islamic Development Bank, the United Palestinian Appeal, and the 
Palestinian private organization the Welfare Association. [NDC website, 
accessed Dec. 20, 2012] 
EFTA01188386
--- PAGE 6 ---
2, Join Our Mailing List 
This research was made  possible by the support of readers like you. 
Donate to PMW now. 
VISIT PMW VIDEO ARCHIVES 
Shahada (Death for Allah) promotion 
Success of Shahada  promotion 
Promoting violence & terror 
Conspiracy libels 
Jewish history rewritten 
Holocaust denial and distortion 
Glorifying terrorists and terror 
Demonization 
Israel's right to exist denied 
Objective: Israel's destruction 
f: 
e: 
w: www.palwatch.org 
Forward email 
Vr 
This email was sent to jeevacation@gmail.com by pmwOpalwatch.org
Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe'm Privacy Policy. 
PMW Palestinian Media Watch Jerusalem Israel 
EFTA01188387

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188388.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: B727 update 
Date: Wed, 26 Aug 2015 02:19:00 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_3737.PNG; IMG_3727.JPG; IMG_3725.JPG 
Jeffrey 
A2 inspection will be completed Thursday on Boeing 727. 
Right hand trailing edge flap has dent due to plastic engine cover blowing out of #3 engine during a 
thunderstorm in Palm beach. 
*** 
Rich is this a possible insurance claim? I'll have pricing by Tomorrow. 
We are currently locating trailing edge flap exchange or possible repair of our flap in Miami. Depending on 
flight schedule of Boeing? 
We don't have to change / repair the entire flap, just trailing edge. 
Note: 
Larry Morrison has FAA maintenance conformity inspection scheduled for Thursday this week. It's our 6 month 
records review with FAA from Orlando. 
EFTA01188388
--- PAGE 2 ---
e•000 AT&T --7:-' 
10:03 PM 
Palm Beach International Airport 
Today 9:49 AM 
Edit 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188389
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188390
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01188391

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188392.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: press 
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2013 07:49:24 +0000 
Attachments: Screen Shot 2013-02-26 at 2.44.06 AM.png 
I don't what to say to them. there goes all my work... 
EFTA01188392

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188393.pdf
----------------------------------------
Greetings, 
I noticed you had logged on today, so I am assuming you still read with interest. I am curious to know if you are also familiar with 
another forum at airlinepilotforums.com? 
Much of their forums can be viewed by the public, but some areas require membership. One such area is the Hangar Talk forum, where 
they have a thread discussing "Gulfstream Girl." In that thread, one of their moderators claims that you are the 
in this 
news story: 
Meet 
Start Girl of the Raunchiest Part of Epstein Scandal « 
Dealbreaker: Wall Street Insider 
I expect that it is only a matter of time before somebody will mention it here on PPW. Many of our members are members there, as well. 
I thought you might appreciate getting a heads up, as it is quite salacious and will not doubt garner a response. 
Any information you can provide to dispel such a rumor would certainly be helpful. 
Thanks, 
Tony C 
EFTA01188393

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188394.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Linkedln Updates <updates4linkeditteotn> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation(«:;gmail.com> 
Subject: Linkedln Network Updates. 2/26/2013 
Date: Tue. 26 Feb 2013 09:07:32 '0000 
Lutkelt 
Network Updates, Feb 19 - Feb 26 
Featured Updates 
;.‘ 
Jeffrey Epstein is now connected to Luke Muehlhauser and 2 other people 
Updates from Your Extended Network 
Connect with them to see what they're up to 
Lifi r 
uc 
De 
;ffi a
rc 
OMB 
Linkedln 
View All Updates 
Bruce Reinhart A thoughtful. powerful critique of our flawed drug sentencing structure. Fran the man who prosecuted John Goth. 
FliNY Judge Dr:-aathir20latgly Minimum SentencingBaquiramentsiaDaig 
United States District Judge John Gleason, in a lengthy memorandum. challenged the United States Sentencing Guidelines an a number of 
grounds. (11-cr-0O821-2 (JG), Dkt. # 35.) Judge Gleason explains that the Sentencing Commission set out to... 
Cowart with keen • cezingol 
Fl Deals Ferran and Fernando Alonso receive a special delivery from UPS http:/fInkd.in/F45Pzg Fl News and More: wmv.f1deals.com 
;2Ferrari 
and 
Fernando 
Alonso 
Ferrari and Fernando Alonso receive a special delivery from UPS 
UPS is proud to sponsor the Scuderia Ferrari Fl team.... 
Connect with Ft • Comment 
Marc Roseblade http://dIvritt30hB2m 
; 4'Real 
Madrid 
wants 
Swansea 
View All Updates 
Real Madrid wants Swansea boss Laudrup.  insists Toshack (Goal com) 
The Welshman has compared the Swans manager's aura to that of Dutch legend Johan Cruyff. and has suggested that he will 
succeed Jose Mourinho at the Santiago Bemabeu 
Cnrorct with /Ann- • Comment
How 
about 
wag 
lJadS 
;INPal Bohan 
tine 
mar lath Aran:, ;: inoa ;yr 
molly Qteg 
gua janstbao culla 
;`+Ste ;`+Ste ; t1Chr 
these IN a chtrneiSter MI 
suial l 
Ate4 
Fisher Leiy 
Ameeir 
Pmeek ft( 
orB wn Renha Rosen
ce 
ei Adams Fakes Royston M
a r 
narl e StOvZ 
a
people? 
Unsubscebe 
EFTA01188394

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188395.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Funding 
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2013 14:48:06 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313022610120.pdf 
The last time we funded was on January 25th in the amount of $1,000,000. I have attached spending for the past 
days. 
Do i have your permission to fund $1,000,000? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Date: February 26, 2013 9:12:17 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01188395

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188396.pdf
----------------------------------------
5:41 PM 
0225/13 
Aecrwit Basfe 
Type 
DO* 
mum 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of February 25, 2013 
Name 
Metro 
Spi 
Amor" 
Batsime 
10000. Bank 
37494 90 
1001 - JeMotgan Cis 
MM 
32.394 90 
<>kick 
017252013 
bn rotola 
14014 NES, LLC 
420002 
29.39490 
Check 
01/252013 
American Espen Gemaals 
rn 11133145 8 R130148 
14077 - LSJ Employees LLC 
i.507.00 
27.887 90 
Check 
011252013 
NES. LLC 
14014 NES. LIC 
-102,000.00 
-72,11210 
~ni 
01/252013 
0apoat 
140%. binancial Titel Camee 
1.03020090 
92/,88790 
Check 
01252013 
Wee 
ORMess 
esp. rem0. 
81190 - liawarold GoolsOup. 
-276611 
925.121 79 
Check 
01/252013 
Oreig 
Sarah 
Angys Is, 
50070 - Subserieceis 6 (boks 
400 
925.118 79 
Crack 
01/250013 
Trormen Sanders LLP 
Moskorat • ms 1476612 
50404 - Leeg 
.27945 
92453934 
Check 
01/2122013 
Amencan EssaltS Geld C 
Voldaan Vara Cain 
Account * 3718 4639438 42008 
25008 • Amex Gok3 
421909 
918,62025 
Check 
01/292013 
2307 49 Egon _Janumy 1012 
83010. Pap« & %Wed Coats 
4,173998 
915.446 27 
Gashere Manne 
Check 
conazols 
Wee 
nv 1004902 
14077 • LSJ &Nawees LLC 
-7.00000 
936.446 27 
Check 
01/3112013 
Oreci 
Chase Credo Card 4147 
4147 2020890D 7668.1nrsair 272 
25023 • Chose CC 4147 2020 
-W767.10 
(27.659 17 
Check 
01/3112013 
Sent* Chate 
50050 . Bark Pas 
.000 
897.059 09 
00005: 
01/314013 
Nog« 
41010 • JP Marges Chose 
3.06 
897.66215 
Check 
02/010013 
Wee 
Gide LOyiece Nest 
Paris 
50404 . Le» 
1.30672 
954.355 43 
Check 
02/02/2013 
Wie 
Malmel Ave Beman*" 
LegrlaKaryta 
50404 Logal 
1,38000 
994.975 43 
Cnect 
021042013 
Wee 
Chaos Visa Wilds«,
statement 0,732/13 
25025 - Chase Visa Valdm 
4.364.97 
220.610 40 
Check 
021052013 
Wee 
011ehote Pro 
Toeans erpines 
14077•L134 Empbwes LLC 
-2.07400 
865:a3646 
Check 
02052013 
Wee 
Flonew Coast EgrOmeni t. 
mrt 23.513Lv 
14077 LSJ Emelwees U.0 
.10,16890 
955.36846 
Chick 
02/062013 
Wee 
COM0 
lo hars oceaan acc 
12504 . 2cao Deribpmal Co 
-50.000 00 
935.368 46 
Check 
02.082013 
Wee 
Per JE 
50940 - OOM 
•1,90000 
W4,308 46 
Check 
02/11/2013 
enten 
ess 3727-5. 
Fetway 2013 
25006 • &mes 37274389332431 
-79244 94 
725.124 42 
Chock 
02/11/2013 
Ame-con Ewess37676 
3767 693403 12003 . Potruary 2013 
25033 - Amottileck JE 3787 8 
47.298 99 
687.837 43 
Geaasd 
02/132013 
Oepas4 
.8131.17. 
6823 
687,903 63 
Check 
02/15.2013 
Oeec) 
Cnase Visa NES 
statement br Februari 2013 
25021 - Chase Vos NES 
44.17295 
653.730 65 
Check 
02/150013 
We* 
Audo ~sas 
Inc 
Aconnt 720,7 . Namat 
14077 - LSJ Emirepan LLC 
.14.1070:1 
638023 65 
Check 
02/150013 
Wee 
Kellerbals %guste LLP 
50404 LNO 
-25.000.00 
614623 65 
Check 
. 02/152013 
Wee 
142094 8 ~om Toste. 
irwe 39076 39077 
50401 - Leper 
-2979.61 
611.844 04 
Check 
02/150013 
Wee 
~da Coast Ersomem L. 
reva 20513Lv 
14077 • LSJ ErrogYeas LLC 
-W168.00 
831.478.04 
Check 
02/152013 
Oma 
Cbase Visa JEGE 
Uitlenen' lor February 2013 
25020 . Chase 
JEGE 
-575.51 
694800 53 
Check 
02120/2013 
Delict 
dag Credit Card LSJ 
Crime CC perron, Feb 107., 2013 
140" 
• kS7 Entabges U.0 
49.189 CO 
501.611.44 
Check 
02/212013 
Wee 
KelIernals hem/sol LLP 1. 
50404 • Lest 
•1200000 
48961144 
TranPer 
02/21/2013 
Funds Trans* 
10012 . JP Morgan Chose ekg 
.101000.1:0 
389,61144 
1remem 
0221/013 
Tunes Trans* 
10312 - JP Morgan Chose tko 
-50.000.90 
3331144 
Checs 
Check 
02/222013 
Wee 
07/722013 
Olrecrl ts•emie.,. 
ter JE 
CVC rees 20 2012 
5020 • GOS 
¶4076 - Wan* LLC 
403.00 
.1044105 
339.111 44 
32054959
Check 
02/224013 
Plug Visa Zeno 
4246 3151 7931 5864 F4020 2013 
12504. Zore Cimek:pmenl Co 
-Ai 1487 
271.434.72 
Crack 
02/22/2013 
Wee 
ARS Croon Surry 
Nv 772346. 779370. 778502. 778503 
¶4077 LSJ Empkigas LLC 
3.77300 
265.661.72 
Check 
02/222013 
Wee 
bn Nicole 
day* /«. 14 deys Pene 
SPLIT-
4L86600 
254.995.72 
Check 
02/22/2313 
gen* 
~Ma 
LIP L 
Soorten ribarcialt/C 
50404 • Legai 
4.000.00 
256.995 72 
Check 
02/224313 
Wee 
Amencan Croon Company 
nv R130242 8 F1130143 
14077 LSJ Emeloyees LLC 
4.087.24 
254.93840 
Check 
92/224013 
Wee 
Agente Gas Turbine. bc 
Repen el J140.76 Engine 574654373 
50207. JEGE 
•11690000 
130.40048 
Cno:k 
02/22.72013 
LSJ Emlowes LIC 
14077 LSJ Empbyees LLC 
-103,000.00 
36.40848 
rots 100 
JPmergan Omme MM 
4.01350 
4140848 
rooi i 0090 . Bank 
401356 
3440946 
TOTAL 
0.013.98 
30.40440 
Regel 
EFTA01188396

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188397.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND 
FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff(s), 
vs. 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
Defendant(s). 
MOTION TO STRIKE UNTIMELY OBJECTIONS TO FINANCIAL DISCOVERY 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, by and through his undersigned counsel, moves this 
Honorable Court to strike all objections to the financial discovery propounded by him to 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, with the exception of objections based on EPSTEIN'S assertion of his 
Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination. In support of this motion, BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS would show that all objections are untimely and should not be addressed on their 
merits. 
EFTA01188397
--- PAGE 2 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAC 
Motion to Strike Untimely Objections to Financial Discovery 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and
511r-- 
correct copy of the foregoing was sent via E-Serve 
. 
to all Counsel on the attached list, this 
day of February, 2013. 
Jack S 
Flori 
P .
E-m 
y Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm B
Florida 33409 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys or BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
EFTA01188398
--- PAGE 3 ---
Edwards adv. Epstein 
Case No.: 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Motion to Strike Untimely Objections to Financial Discovery 
COUNSEL LIST 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esquire 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, FL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale FL 33301 
Phone:
Fax: 
Fred Haddad, Esquire 
One Financial Plaza, Suite 2612 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
l
c S. 
i
Wd
i
<Lsc ui
r
e 
Law Offices of Marc S. Nurik 
One E Bmward Blvd., Suite 700 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Scott Rothstein 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esquire 
Law
1441 Brickell Avenue, 15th Floor 
Miami, FL 33131 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
Tonja Haddad Coleman, Esquire 
Tonja Haddad, P.A. 
315 SE 7th Street, Suite 301 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188399

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188400.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Al Seckel via Linkedln cj 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(rgmail.com> 
Subject: Invitation to connect on Linkedln 
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2013 18:18:52 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed 
Linkedln 
Jeffrey, 
Accept 
Al Seckel wants to connect with you on Linkedln. 
Al Seckel 
Author. vision/perceptual 
View 
scientist. speaker 
Profile a 
You are receiving Invitation emails. Unsubscribe.
This email was intended for Jeffrey Epstein. Learn why we included this.
Ct. Mountain View, CA 94043, USA 
2013. Linkedln Corporation. 2029 Stierlin 
EFTA01188400

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188401.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Harry Beller .c:MMIII
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: AYH 
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2013 18:28:05 +0000 
Attachments: AYH Gross revenue_and_Fees.xlsx 
Jeffrey 
Attached is the analysis of revenues and fees for 2010-2012. 
I have confirmed with Rich and Jeanne that you purchase fuel for your boats from Caribbean Petroleum. They 
charge you wholesale. These prices are better than you would receive from purchasing from AYH. 
AYH did not give you any reduction in price in the past. They charged you the full retail price on the dock. 
EFTA01188401

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188402.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188402

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188403.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO  
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: Eye on the Market, February 26, 2013 
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2013 21:45:59 +0000 
Attachments: 02-26-2013_ EOTM - The_gift_that_keeps_on_giving.pdf 
Inline-Images: image002.png; image004.png; image008.jpg; image009.png 
Eye on the Market, February 26, 2013 (the attached PDF is a better place to look at charts that begin in 1820) 
Topic: Why being underweight European equities has been the gift that keeps on giving 
As shown in the first chart, being underweight European equities vs. the US since the EU debt crisis began has been a good 
position to implement in portfolios. It would be unlikely for the next three years to result in a similar amount of 
underperformance, but all things considered, it still feels too early to reverse it. The Draghi "whatever it takes" speech in 
July of last year narrowed the gap, but so far in 2013, Europe's dual problems of low growth and weak profit margins are 
driving the gap higher again, in favor of the US. As things stand now, the gap is not far off its post-crisis peaks. Even so, 
this week's vote in Italy may usher in another period of European equity underperformance. 
Cumulative outperformance of US vs. European 
equities, Percent, Total return in USD, Index, 3-trading day 
moving average, 12/31/2009 =0% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% - 
0% 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Source: Bloomberg. 
Let's start with the good news: Italy has one of the best fiscal accounts in Europe (its pre-interest budget is in surplus), its 
current account is in balance (mostly a reflection of a collapse in imports), and Italy finances a lot of its debt on its own 
without too much reliance on foreign investors (Italy's Net International Investment Position, a proxy for such reliance, is 
at -20% of GDP compared to -90% for Spain). However, growth has been very poor: by the end of 2012, Italy overtook 
Japan with the wont real GDP growth of all advanced economies since 1991 (0.79% per year, an amazing and sad 
distinction). Italians are clearly getting tired of austerity against a backdrop of no growth, and around 25% of them voted 
for a party which reportedly supports renegotiation of Italy's debt, a referendum on the Euro and a break-up of large Italian 
state-owned companies (the 5-star movement). The protest vote cast by many Italian citizens this week can perhaps be best 
understood by looking at the chart below. Other than wartime, the last few years in Italy have been the worst for growth 
since Italian unification in 1861. 
S&P 500 vs. 
MSCI EMU 
S&P 500 vs. 
MSCI Europe 
EFTA01188403
--- PAGE 2 ---
Why a protest vote? Italy's long-run economic decline keeps getting worse 
Change in 7-year real Italian GDP, percent, since 1861 (Unification) 
70% 
60% 
50% 
C 
O 
c.; 
oe
tt; 
40% 
O 
30% 
7s. c 
. _ 
g C 
'1 
20% 
E
? 
= 2 
10% 
3' 
0% 
-10% 
1868 
1880 
1892 
1904 
1916 
1928 
1940 
1952 
1964 
1976 
1988 
2000 
2012 
Sources: "Statistics on World Population, GDP am I Per Cepla GDP Alniverskyof Groningen:ConferenceBoard, 13locmberg. 
The problem for Italy is that the austerity is not going to end, a consequence of having too much debt (120% of gdp, to 
be exact), so large that Italy is the world's 3rd largest sovereign debt issuer despite being 10th in terms of purchasing 
power. Countries with that much debt generally have to run a budget surplus before interest, since interest payments are so 
large. Italy has done exactly that, running a cyclically-adjusted primary surplus consistently since 1992. That leaves little 
room for counter-cyclical stimulus when growth is weak, or when structural reforms create a temporary drag on growth. 
To be clear about this, the multilateral borrowing facility (the European Stability Mechanism), the lend-against-anything-
that-moves policy of the ECB and the commitment by the ECB to purchase government debt (the Outright Monetary 
Transactions program) all substantially reduce the risk of sovereign and bank defaults, not just in Italy but across all 
of Europe. EU governments and central banks have provided 800 billion Euros so far to finance foreign investors fleeing 
Italy and Spain, and could provide a lot more. But it is getting harder (particularly after last year's EU equity rally) to 
dismiss the social and political costs Southern Europe is paying to keep the Euro. In my view, the old system was messier 
with its periodic bouts of inflation and devaluation, but worked better for Southern Europe given its structural 
competitiveness gaps with the North, and its own internal fiscal transfer dynamics [a]. Some believe Europe is on a long 
journey to further integration; I think it is just as likely that parts of Europe are on a long and painful journey to discover 
that a single currency has more costs than benefits in the long run. 
As for France, the recent spat between a US tire company CEO and French Industrial Renewal Minister Montebourg got a 
lot of publicity. There is hyperbole being thrown around by both sides, but we do find evidence that France has created a 
worker's utopia compared to many other countries. Last year, we showed a chart indicating that France has the most 
worker-friendly environment of 40 countries analyzed (November 7, 2012), a computation based on labor force 
participation, ease of hiring and firing, retirement age as % of life expectancy, working hours per year, vacation days, 
linkage between pay and productivity, unemployment benefits as % of wages, etc. France has been trying to enact reforms, 
but my sources differ sharply on their potential for success. France has lost a lot of ground to Germany since the Euro was 
launched, and I'm not sure Industrial Renewal ministers can change that. Here are some stats from Bernard Connolly at 
Hamiltonian Advisors: 
** The share of French corporate profits in gross value added is the smallest of the six major EU countries, and falling 
** While Germany has maintained its share of world exports, France has lost one third of its share since the Euro was 
launched. 
** France's current account deficit is around 6% of GDP (in other words, very large) after taking into account depressed 
consumption due to high and rising unemployment 
The growth challenge for France is something we will have to watch as well. It's not as bad as in Italy, but as shown 
below, other than during wartime (see Appendix on why wars are excluded from charts like this), this has been a very bad 
stretch for French growth. A period of no growth over 7 years in France is something seen more frequently during the 19th
century. It was also seen during the 1930's when France stuck to the gold standard longer than other countries did, and 
EFTA01188404
--- PAGE 3 ---
paid a price. The are some parallels between the gold standard in Europe in the 1930's and the binding constraint of 
today's currency union. 
Le retour a l'ancien regime: France's zero growth pace mirrors 19th century events 
Change in 7-year real French GDP, percent, since 1820 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
-10% • 
-20% 
1826 
1838 
1850 
1862 
1874 
1886 
1898 
1910 
1922 
1934 
1946 
1958 
1970 
1982 
1994 
2006 
Sources: 'Stooges on Wodd Population OCRs*: lawCopts GDP ,UnWersityof Groningen; corderencesoard, Bloomberg. 
it
FrancoRrussian war and i f 
/ 
Radicals 
impactor tariff reductions Paris Bourse 
elected. 
on French industry 
crash of 1882 and factory 
failure of Union 
strikes and 
Generale 
rising tariffs 
C 
U 
O 
15o .5 
E 
Great Depression. 
worsened by delayed move 
to drop gold standard 
European equities might get cheap enough at some point, but last year the valuation gap vs the US narrowed, particularly 
among financial stocks, and they don't look cheap enough yet. We don't know where things will go from here in Italy. 
Europhiles predictably believe that a grand Italian coalition will form and work together to avoid another round of 
elections. I understand why, since in Greece, a second round of elections simply ended up increasing fringe party votes. 
Perhaps what Italians really want is a little less fiscal austerity, and are asking their politicians to figure out how to do it 
without upsetting German demands for more. I can see Germany agreeing for some forbearance before its own elections to 
avoid a larger problem. 
All things considered, from an investment standpoint, caution continues to be warranted. Our 2013 Outlook included the 
following at the end of the Europe section: "By primarily relying on unemployment and wages to restore competitiveness, 
Europe is taking the road less traveled and remains an economic and social experiment of the highest order." Not much 
has changed since. As always, it's important for investors to avoid over-extrapolating macro issues when there are 
opportunities to be had in financial markets. However, while European companies earn a substantial amount of revenues 
outside Europe, their domestic exposures and exposures to other weak EU countries are too large to ignore (see table). The 
last chart shows a proxy for profit margins by looking at earnings relative to sales for the 3 major regions. As shown, 
problems in Europe appear to be taking their toll on EU corporate profitability. There are some European equity 
managers that have done a fantastic job generating returns over the MSCI Europe benchmark, some large enough to offset 
most or all of the index-level gap vs the US shown on the first page. These products make the most sense for current 
allocations to EU equities. 
Michael Cembalest 
Morgan Asset Management 
EFTA01188405
--- PAGE 4 ---
Eurozone corporate revenue breakdown by region 
estic 
EMU ex 
Domestic 
Rest of World 
France (CAC 4 0) 
29% 
29% 
42% 
Germany (DAX) 
28% 
30% 
42% 
Italy (FTSE MB) 
30% 
22% 
48% 
Spain (IBEX) 
43% 
20% 
37% 
Source: J.P. Megan Securities LLC. JPMAM 
Eurozone margin proxy weakening 
Earnings divided by sates. per share. trailing 12 months 
12% 
10% 
8% 
6% 
4% 
2% 
0% 
2007 
2008 
Sou ce: Bloomberg. 
2009 
2011 
2012 
Appendix: Why 20th century wartime periods are often excluded from long-run pictures of economic growth 
The charts above exclude WWI and WWII. Twentieth century warfare generated extreme outcomes immediately before, 
during and afterwards. Before wars, mobilization efforts often went into overdrive, boosting production way above 
sustainable levels. The war itself brought devastation that was often broader that that seen during the 18th and 19th
centuries. And afterwards, rebuilding from a devastated base generated spectacular growth booms that petered out once 
they ran their course. Consider the case of France to grasp the magnitude of destruction and eventual rebuilding: 
** During WWII, the Germans stripped France of millions of its workers, either as prisoners of war (around 2 million of 
them) or as 'voluntary' workers. The lack of volunteers to work for the Germans was enough of a problem to cause the 
Vichy government to pass a law in November 1942 that effectively deported workers to Germany, where they represented 
as much as 15% of the entire German-domiciled labor force by 1944. Many of them worked in a Krupp steel works plant 
in Essen. 
** The Germans also stripped 20% of the French food supply, and took direct control of production which was 
synchronized with German war needs. With the food supply chain in shambles, civilians suffered shortages of basic 
consumer goods. Rationing of 1,300 calories per day (the Germans had seized half of the meat) led to malnourishment and 
disease, and to farmers diverting a lot of what was left to black markets. Farm production fell in half due to a lack of fuel, 
fertilizer and workers. 
Notes 
[a] Charles Gave of Gavekal Research has written a fascinating, brief essay on the politics of Europe (entrepreneurs vs 
rentiers and statists), and how local currencies used to work regarding the financing of within-country entitlements and 
transfers. This equilibrium was maintained since private sector salaries were linked more to the Deutschemark than to 
domestic currencies. 
Sources 
Bernard Connolly, "Recalcitrant current accounts and a collapsing austerity strategy: can the ECB hold the line", 
Hamiltonian Advisors, February 25, 2013 
Charles Gave, "Down with Reform", Gavekal Research, February 26, 2013 
Francoise Berger, "L'exploitation de la Main-d'oeuvre Francaise dans l'industrie Siderurgique Allemande pendant la 
Seconde Guerre Mondiale", Revue D'histoire Modeme et Contemporaine", 2003 
E M Collingham , "The Taste of War: World War Two and the Battle for Food", 2011 
Kenneth Moult "Food Rationing and the Black Market in France (1940-1944)", 2010 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters 
contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing 
or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tar-
related penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general market commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cembalest and may differ from those of other 
J.P. Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes J.P. Morgan research and should not be treated as such. Further, the views expressed herein 
may diger from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summary/prices/quotes/statistics have been obtained firm sources deemed to be reliable, but 
we do not guarantee their accuracy or completeness. any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee offuture results. 
References to the performance or character of our portfolios genera4 refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P Morgan. h is a proxy for client 
performance and may not represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed 
accounts depending on the unique objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for spec* activities. Bank, trust and investment 
management services are provided by JP Morgan Chase Bank NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P Morgan Securities LLC (JP111.9, Member NYSE. 
EFTA01188406
--- PAGE 5 ---
FINRA and SIPC. and its affiliates globally as local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"): are not deposits or other obligations of its bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates; and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with your JP. 
Morgan Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. 
Private Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may increase the risk of investment loss. can be highly illiquid, are not required to 
provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tar structures and delay, in distributing important tar information. Typicallysuch 
investment ideas can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which fully describes all terms. conditions, and risks. High yield 
bonds are speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit emus which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. 
Investments in commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks associated with international investing and may 
not be suitable for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is not rendering accounting, legal or tar advice. You should consult 
with your independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered by JPAThigan Chase Bank N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, member NYSE, FINRA 
and SIPC, and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom, this material is approved by J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMIB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street Canary Wharf. 
London Elf 5JP, registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition. this material may be distributed 
by: fl
agon Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch, which is regulated by the French banking authorities Ataorite de Con:role Prudentiel and Autorite des Marches 
Financiers; J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA. regulated by the Slviss Financial Market Supervisory Authority; JPMCB Bahrain branch, licensed as a conventional wholesale 
bank by the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch, regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
In Hong Kong, this material is distributed by JPAlorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB) Hong Kong brunch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore 
branch and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private lands such as private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed 
by J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore, this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material 
relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by.I.P Morgan (S.E.A.) 
Limited LIPMSEALL Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPAISEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America, the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer 
or solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which. uch offir or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make. uch offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person. without limitation, the US income and franchise tar treatment and tax structure of 
the transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tar analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials 
relate to a US income or franchise tax. trategy provided to such recipient by JPAIorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the 
information contained in this material or about JP Morgan products and. ervices. please contact your J.P. Morgan prime banking representative. Additional 
information is available upon request "J.P Morgan" is the marketing name for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may 
not be reproduced or circulated without J.P. Morgan k authority. to 2013 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01188407

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188408.pdf
----------------------------------------
Eye on the Market I February 26, 2013 
JP Morgan 
Topics: Why being underweight European equities has been the gift that keeps on giving 
As shown in the first chart, being underweight European equities 
vs. the US since the EU debt crisis began has been a good position 
to implement in portfolios. It would be unlikely for the next three 
years to result in a similar amount of underperformance, but all 
things considered, it still feels too early to reverse it. The Draghi 
"whatever it takes" speech in July of last year narrowed the gap, 
but so far in 2013, Europe's dual problems of low growth and 
weak profit margins are driving the gap higher again, in favor of 
the US. As things stand now, the gap is not far off its post-crisis 
peaks. Even so, this week's vote in Italy may usher in another 
period of European equity underperformance. 
Let's start with the good news: Italy has one of the best fiscal 
accounts in Europe (its pre-interest budget is in surplus), its 
current account is in balance (mostly a reflection of a collapse in 
imports), and Italy finances a lot of its debt on its own without too much reliance on foreign investors'. However, growth has 
been very poor: by the end of 2012, Italy overtook Japan with the worst real GDP growth of all advanced economies since 
1991 (0.79% per year, an amazing and sad distinction). Italians are clearly getting tired of austerity against a backdrop of no 
growth, and around 25% of them voted for a party which reportedly supports renegotiation of Italy's debt, a referendum on the 
Euro and a break-up of large Italian state-owned companies (the 5-star movement). The protest vote cast by many Italian 
citizens this week can perhaps be best understood by looking at the chart below. Other than wartime, the last few years in Italy 
have been the worst for growth since Italian unification in 1861. 
Why a protest vote? Rely's long-run economic decline keeps getting worse 
Change in 7-year real Italian GDP, percent, since 1861 (Unification) 
70% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
C 0 
N;
120
a le4
= 
E2 
Cumulative outperformance of US vs. European 
equities, Percent, Total return in USD. Index. 3-trading day 
moving average, 12/31/2009 =0% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
2010 
Source: Bloombetg. 
O 
7i a, 
C 5 
3 
E = 
S&P 500 vs. 
MSCI EMU 
2011 
2012 
2013 
•10% 
1868 
1880 
1892 
1904 
1916 
1928 
1940 
1952 
1964 
1976 
1988 
2000 
2012 
Sources: "Statistics on Work! Population. GDP and Per Capita GDP .Universityof Groningen:Conbrence Board, Bloomberg. 
The problem for Italy is that the austerity is not going to end, a consequence of having too much debt (120% of gdp, to be 
exact), so large that Italy is the world's 3"I largest sovereign debt issuer despite being 10i° in terms of purchasing power. 
Countries with that much debt generally have to run a budget surplus before interest, since interest payments are so large. Italy 
has done exactly that, running a cyclically-adjusted primary surplus consistently since 1992. That leaves little room for counter-
cyclical stimulus when growth is weak, or when structural reforms create a temporary drag on growth. To be clear about this, 
the multilateral borrowing facility (the European Stability Mechanism), the lend-against-anything-that-moves policy of the ECB 
and the commitment by the ECB to purchase government debt (the Outright Monetary Transactions program) all substantially 
I The Net International Investment Position is one way to measure this across governments, households and corporates, incorporating their 
foreign assets and liabilities. Italy's NIIP is -20% of GDP, compared to —Spain at 90% (one of the most negative NIIP ratios in the world). 
EFTA01188408
--- PAGE 2 ---
Eye on the Market I February 26. 2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: Why being underweight European equities has been the gift that keeps on giving 
reduce the risk of sovereign and bank defaults, not just in Italy but across all of Europe. EU governments and central 
banks have provided 800 billion Euros so far to finance foreign investors fleeing Italy and Spain, and could provide a lot more. 
But it is getting harder (particularly after last year's EU equity rally) to dismiss the social and political costs Southern Europe is 
paying to keep the Euro. In my view, the old system was messier with its periodic bouts of inflation and devaluation, but 
worked better for Southern Europe given its structural competitiveness gaps with the North, and its own internal fiscal transfer 
dynamics2. Some believe Europe is on a long journey to further integration; I think it is just as likely that pans of Europe are on 
a long and painful journey to discover that a single currency has more costs than benefits in the long run. 
As for France, the recent spat between a US tire company CEO and French Industrial Renewal Minister Montebourg got a lot of 
publicity. There is hyperbole being thrown around by both sides, but we do find evidence that France has created a worker's 
utopia compared to many other countries. Last year, we showed a chart indicating that France has the most worker-friendly 
environment of 40 countries analyzed (November 7, 2012), a computation based on labor force participation, ease of hiring and 
firing, retirement age as % of life expectancy, working hours per year, vacation days, linkage between pay and productivity, 
unemployment benefits as % of wages, etc. France has been trying to enact reforms, but my sources differ sharply on their 
potential for success. France has lost a lot of ground to Germany since the Euro was launched, and I'm not sure Industrial 
Renewal ministers can change that. Here are some stats from Bernard Connolly at Hamiltonian Advisors: 
• 
The share of French corporate profits in gross value added is the smallest of the six major EU countries, and falling 
• 
While Germany has maintained its share of world exports, France has lost one third of its share since the Euro was launched. 
• 
France's current account deficit is around 6% of GDP (in other words, very large) after taking into account depressed 
consumption due to high and rising unemployment 
The growth challenge for France is something we will have to watch as well. It's not as bad as in Italy, but as shown below, 
other than during wartime (see Appendix on why wars are excluded from charts like this), this has been a very bad stretch for 
French growth. A period of no growth over 7 years in France is something seen more frequently during the 19i° century. It was 
also seen during the 1930's when France stuck to the gold standard longer than other countries did, and paid a price. The are 
some parallels between the gold standard in Europe in the 1930's and the binding constraint of today's currency union. 
Le retour a Vanden regime: France's zero growth pace mirrors 19th century events 
Change in 7-year real French GDP, percent, since 1820 
50% 
40% - 
30% - 
20% - 
10% - 
0% 
-10% - 
-20% - 
1826 
1838 
1850 
1862 
1874 
1886 
1898 
1910 
1922 
1934 
1946 
1958 
1970 
1982 
1994 
2006 
Sources: -Statistts on World Population, GDP and Per Capita GDP,UniversItyof Groningen: Conference Board, Bloomberg. 
Franco/Prussian war and i f  
/'
Radicals 
impact of tariff reductions Paris Bourse 
elected, 
on French industry 
crash of 1882 and factory 
failure of Union 
strikes and 
Generale 
rising tariffs 
It 
Great Depression, 
worsened by delayed move 
to drop gold standard 
Charles Gave of Gavekal Research has written a fascinating, brief essay on the politics of Europe (entrepreneurs vs rentiers and statists). 
and how local currencies used to work regarding the financing of within-country entitlements and transfers. This equilibrium was maintained 
since private sector salaries were linked more to the Deutschemark than to domestic currencies. 
EFTA01188409
--- PAGE 3 ---
Eye on the Market I February 26, 2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: Why being underweight European equities has been the gift that keeps on giving 
European equities might get cheap enough at some point, but last year the valuation gap vs the US narrowed, particularly among 
financial stocks, and they don't look cheap enough yet. We don't know where things will go from here in Italy. Europhiles 
predictably believe that a grand Italian coalition will form and work together to avoid another round of elections. I understand 
why, since in Greece, a second round of elections simply ended up increasing fringe party votes. Perhaps what Italians really 
want is a little less fiscal austerity, and are asking their politicians to figure out how to do it without upsetting German demands 
for more. I can see Germany agreeing for some forbearance before its own elections to avoid a larger problem. 
All things considered, from an investment standpoint, caution continues to be warranted. Our 2013 Outlook included the 
following at the end of the Europe section: "By primarily relying on unemployment and wages to restore competitiveness, 
Europe is taking the road less traveled and remains an economic and social experiment of the highest order." Not much has 
changed since. As always, it's important for investors to avoid over-extrapolating macro issues when there are opportunities to 
be had in financial markets. However, while European companies earn a substantial amount of revenues outside Europe, their 
domestic exposures and exposures to other weak EU countries are too large to ignore (see table). The last chart shows a proxy 
for profit margins by looking at earnings relative to sales for the 3 major regions. As shown, problems in Europe appear to be 
taking their toll on EU corporate profitability. There are some European equity managers that have done a fantastic job 
generating returns over the MSCI Europe benchmark, some large enough to offset most or all of the index-level gap vs the US 
shown on the first page. 
Michael Cembalest 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
Eurozone corporate revenue breakdown by region 
r. U 
Domestic 
i 
France (CAC 40) 
29% 
29% 
42% 
Germany (DAX) 
28% 
30% 
42% 
Italy (FTSE MIS) 
30% 
22% 
48% 
Spain (IBEX) 
43% 
20% 
37% 
Source: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. JPMAM. 
Eurozone margin proxy weakening 
Earnings divided by sales, per share, trailing 12 months 
12% 
10% 
8% 
6% 
4% 
2% 
0% 
2008 
2009 
2011 
2012 
2007 
Source: Bloomberg. 
Appendix: Why 20th century wartime periods are often excluded from long-run pictures of economic growth 
The charts above exclude WWI and WWII. Twentieth century warfare generated extreme outcomes immediately before, during 
and afterwards. Before wars, mobilization efforts often went into overdrive, boosting production way above sustainable levels. 
The war itself brought devastation that was often broader that that seen during the 18th and 19ih centuries. And afterwards, 
rebuilding from a devastated base generated spectacular growth booms that petered out once they ran their course. Consider the 
case of France to grasp the magnitude of destruction and eventual rebuilding: 
• 
During WWII, the Germans stripped France of millions of its workers, either as prisoners of war (around 2 million of them) 
or as 'voluntary' workers. The lack of volunteers to work for the Germans was enough of a problem to cause the Vichy 
government to pass a law in November 1942 that effectively deported workers to Germany, where they represented as much as 
15% of the entire German-domiciled labor force by 1944. Many of them worked in a Krupp steel works plant in Essen. 
• 
The Germans also stripped 20% of the French food supply, and took direct control of production which was synchronized 
with German war needs. With the food supply chain in shambles, civilians suffered shortages of basic consumer goods. 
Rationing of 1,300 calories per day (the Germans had seized half of the meat) led to malnourishment and disease, and to farmers 
diverting a lot of what was left to black markets. Farm production fell in half due to a lack of fuel, fertilizer and workers. 
See next page for sources 
EFTA01188410
--- PAGE 4 ---
Eye on the Market I February 26.2013 
J.P.Morgan 
Topics: Why being underweight European equities has been the gift that keeps on giving 
Sources 
Bernard Connolly, "Recalcitrant current accounts and a collapsing austerity strategy: can the ECB hold the line", Hamiltonian 
Advisors, February 25, 2013 
Charles Gave, "Down with Reform", Gavekal Research, February 26, 2013 
Frangoise Berger, "L'exploitation de la Main-d'oeuvre Francaise dans l'industrie Siderurgique Allemande pendant la Seconde 
Guerre Mondiale", Revue D'histoire Moderne et Contemporaine", 2003 
E M Collingham , "The Taste of War: World War Two and the Battle for Food", 2011 
Kenneth Mout* "Food Rationing and the Black Market in France (1940-1944)", 2010 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: .IPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tat advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. fat matters contained 
herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or 
recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tat-related 
penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended as a general marker commentary. Opinions expressed herein are those of Michael Cembatest and may differ from those of other J.P. 
Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no way constitutes J.P. Morgan research and should not be treated as such. Further. the views expressed herein may differ 
from that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summar>/pricedquoiestnaristics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable. bur we do not 
guarantee their accuracy or completeness, any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. References to the 
performance or character of our portfolios generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by J.P. Morgan. It is a proxy for client performance and may nor 
represent actual transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts depending on the unique 
objectives of each client and is serviced through distinct legal entities licensed for specific activities. Bank. trust and investment management services are provided by JP 
Morgan Chase Bank. NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered through J.P. Morgan Securities LW (JPMS). Member NYSE. FINRA and SIPC. and its affiliates globally as 
local legislation permits. Securities products purchased or sold through JPMS are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (-FDIC"): are not deposits or 
other obligations of its bank or thrift affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift re filiates: and are subject to investment risks. including possible loss of the principal 
invested. Not all investment ideas referenced are suitable for all investors. Speak with wurJ.P. Morgan Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Private Investments may engage in leveraging and other speculative practices that may 
increase the risk of investment loss. can be highly illiquid. are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tax structures and 
delays in distributing important tax information. Typically such investment ideas can only be offered to. uitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which 
fully describes all terms, conditions, and risks. High yield bonds are speculative non-investment grade bonds that have higher risk of default or other adverse credit events 
which are appropriate for high-risk investors only. Investments in commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks 
associated with international investing and may not be suitable for alt investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is nor rendering 
accounting, legal or tat advice. You should consult with your independent advisors concerning such matters. 
Bank products and services are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. member NYSE. FINRA and 
SIPC, and other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom. this material is approved by J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPMCB) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street. Canary Wharf. 
London EN 5JP, registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. In addition. this material may be distributed by: 
!Morgan Chase Bank N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch. which is regulated by the French banking authorities Auto rite de Connote Prudentiel and Amorist; des Marches 
Financiers: J.P. Morgan (Suisse) St. regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch, licensed as a conventional wholesale bank by 
the Central Bank of Bahrain (for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch. regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch 
and where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as primate equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. 
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore. this material is distributed by JPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material relates to a 
Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds such as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. Morgan (S.EA.)Limited (IPMSEAL). 
Both JPMCB Singapore branch and JPMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
With respect to countries in Latin America. the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. 
Each recipient of this presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person. without limitation, the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax structure of the 
transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials relate to a 
US income or franchise tar strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you haw any questions regarding the information 
contained in this material or about J.P. Morgan products and services, please contact your J.P. Morgan private banking representative. Additional information is available 
upon request. "J.P. Morgan" is the marketing name for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be reproduced or 
circulated without J.P. Morgan's authority. 0 2013 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved 
EFTA01188411

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188412.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188412

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: it: Funding 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 14:39:43 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313022610120.pdf 
> 
The last time we funded was on January 25th in the amount of $1,000,000. I have attached spending for the 
past 30 days. 
Do i have your permission to fund $1,000,000? Please advise where to take from. 
Cash balance per Harry are as follows 
FTC: 
JPM (Bear Steams) 
2.6 Million 
JPM Account # 30171 9.4 Million 
JPM (Paul Barrett) 
8.6 Million 
Jeepers: 
JPM 
Million 
STC: 
JPM 
Million 
HAZE 
JPM (Paul Barrett) 
1.7 Million 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: February 26, 2013 9:12:17 AM EST 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01188413
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188414

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188415.pdf
----------------------------------------
5:41 PM 
0225/13 
Aecrual %Me 
Type 
Date 
mum 
Jeffrey E Epstein 
Account QuickReport 
As of February 25, 2013 
Name 
Memo 
Spi 
Anno" 
%Nice 
10000 - Bank 
37.394 90 
1001 JPMetgan Cis 
MM 
32.394 90 
Check 
011252013 
bn mcola 
14014 NES, LLC 
400003 
29.39490 
Check 
OU252013 
Amoeben Espen Company 
me 111331456 R130148 
14077 - LSJ Employees LLC 
-1.507.00 
27.68790 
Check 
011252013 
NES. LLC 
14014 NES. LIC 
-102000.00 
-72,11210 
Orwei 
01/252013 
093014 
14028 kineneral TNN Compa 
1.0:0.03003 
927,86790 
Check 
01252013 
NO 
61100 liemearole GoolsOup. 
-276611 
925.121 79 
Check 
01/252013 
Osted 
~een Elorren Satan 
mgys lal 
50070 Sur:worg:os 6 (boks 
400 
925.118 79 
Check 
012512013 
Trotonan Sanden LLP 
lemkerat • ms 1476612 
50404 • Loog 
.27945 
924,83934 
Check 
01/2112013 
Amencan Eense Geld C 
Valpson Veem Dein 
~crux * 3718 463668 42008 
25006 • ArmsGok:1 
4I21909 
918,62025 
Check 
01/292013 
2307 69 Een» _Jane*? 1012 
63010. Pap« & Relo1N Coats 
4.17398 
915.446 27 
011ehrxe Menno 
Check 
01/304013 
Wee 
rrw 1004032 
14077 • LS.1 EllIplOyiNS LLC 
-7.00000 
906.446 27 
Check 
01/312013 
Oreci 
Mest Deal Can! 4147 
4147 202013990 7603Jarsa/V 272 • 
25023 • Chaise CC 4147 2020 
40.767.10 
897,65917
Check 
01/3112013 
Sene* 011mCe 
50050 • Bara rees 
400 
897.059 09 
Doccst 
01/312013 
Nare« 
41010r JP Morgen Chose 
3.06 
897.66215 
Check 
02/010013 
Wee 
Gide LOmorre Mort 
Paris 
50404 • Lepel 
1.30672 
998.355 44 
Check 
02/022013 
Wee 
Mehnei Maa Benarde& 
Leger lor Karma 
50404 . Loge 
1,38000 
694.975 4.1 
Check 
02442013 
Wee 
Crime Visa 0910s01 
statement 0'22/13 
25025 these Via veldsen 
4.364.97 
220.610 44 
Check 
02/05/2013 
Wee 
011ehore Manno 
Yllr 
empnes 
14077 • UW Empby•es LLC 
.24.074 CO 
865.536 46 
Check 
02/05/2013 
Wee 
Ronde Coast Weeknere t. 
oe I23613LV 
14077 LSJ Emplemees1.10 
.10,16890 
855.36846 
Check 
02/06/2013 
Wee 
CoM0 
lo brie oconong acc 
12501 • 2cao Derebpmeel Co 
-50.000 00 
805.368 46 
Check 
022082013 
Wee 
Per JE 
509430 Ges 
•1.00000 
804,368 46 
Check 
02/11/2013 
Aminen 
•ess 3727-5. 
Feteuay 2013 
25006 • &me/37274863324i 
-79244 04 
725.124 42 
Chock 
02/11/4013 
Amercan Drees 3767 6 
3767 654403 12003 Poteury 2013 
25903 - Arniettileck JE 3787 6 
47.236 99 
687.837 43 
&woed 
02/132013 
Oepos4 
.614.11. 
13823 
687,903 63 
Check 
02/15.2013 
Oree1 
Cnase Visa NES 
statement br Febreery 2013 
25021 - Oase Na NES 
.34.17256 
653.730 65 
Check 
02/15/2013 
Wg• 
Audo ANtioes Inc 
eernon 92007. Ronsel 
14077 - LSJ empbyws LLC 
-14,107.00 
639623 65 
Check 
02/150013 
Wee 
Kollohals Fagusco LLP 
50404 • Legg 
-20.000W 
614,623 65 
Check 
02/152013 
Wee 
Hodge 6 ~om 
Trustee. 
'mi 39076 14 39077 
50401. Lest 
-2.979.61 
611.644 04 
Check 
02/150013 
Wee 
Roede Coast Epromere L. 
ima 20513Lv 
14077 • LSJ Employees LLC 
40.16820 
391,47604 
Check 
02/15013 
Dna 
Chaise Visa JEGE 
sLalernenllex Febnary 2013 
25020 • Draw SMaJEGS 
475.51 
60/803 S3 
Check 
02)202013 
INNI 
CNN. Cordil Care LSJ 
Wam CC ~som Fee lek 2013 
140n • LS1 En104/404U.0 
169 CO 
501611.44 
Check 
02/212013 
Wee 
Kelkorals %romen LLP 1. 
50404 • Lepel 
•1200000 
485611 44 
TranVer 
02)212013 
Funds Trans* 
10012 . JP Morgan Chaseeko 
-10100020 
389,61144 
Transfer 
0221/013 
Funds rranale 
10012 JP Morgan Ome eko 
00000110 
33,61144 
Checc 
02/222013 
Wee 
~lati 
ter JE 
5020 • CSM 
503.00 
336111 44 
Check 
0222/013 
Olreci 
• 
i " 
CVCfW 202012 
140/8 hamen LLC 
-1008118 
320.549S9 
Check 
02224013 
Ome Vin Zeno 
4246 3151 7931 5864 DO 20 2013 
12501 2oso Crerekcpm et4 Co 
-Ai 14.87 
271.434.72 
Click 
02/22/2013 
Wee 
ARS Elport Surcey 
Nv 772346. 779370. 778502. 778503 
¶4077 LSJ Emplortes LLC 
4.77300 
265.661.72 
Check 
02222013 
Wee 
bn Nicole 
daya NY, l6 days Pens 
-SPLIT. 
4.6800 
258.995.72 
Check 
02/222313 
gen* 
~Co 
LIP L 
Soutnern rrarcial LIC 
50404 • LeNa 
4.000.03 
256.995 72 
Check 
02/22,2313 
Wee 
Amencen Doon Company 
ov R130242 
F1130143 
14077 LSJ gen pop». PSC 
4.067.24 
254.904 44 
Check 
0222,013 
Wee 
Atletax Gas Tullro. be 
Repen el J1204E1Enone 57.1 65,373 
50207 . JEGE 
.11450000 
130.40646 
Crack 
02/22.2013 
LSJ Emloyces LIC 
14077 LSJ Erna:oma LLC 
-103,000.00 
3440848 
rots 100 
• JPmorgan Oude MM 
401356 
)3.40848 
rooi 10000 Frank 
4,01351 
3440946 
TOTAL 
401309 
34.406.40 
Regel 
EFTA01188415

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188416.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Al Seckel via LinkedIn < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Invitation to connect on LinkedIn 
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2013 15:55:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed 
Jeffrey, 
Al Seckel wants to connect with you on LinkedIn. 
Al Seckel 
Author. vision/perceptual 
View 
scientist, speaker 
Profile a 
I 
Accept
LinkedIn 
You are receiving Invitation emails. Unsubscribe.
This email was intended for Jeffrey Epstein. Learn why we included this. 
2013. Linkedln Corporation. 2029 Stierlin 
Ct. Mountain View. CA 94043, USA 
EFTA01188416

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188417.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
egas
'ot e"-
EFTA01188417

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188418.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE 
WORLD 
BANK 
EFTA01188418

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188419.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188419

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188420.pdf
----------------------------------------
It 
EFTA01188420

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188421.pdf
----------------------------------------
03-05-'13 12:01 FROM 
T-046 P0001/0003 F-058 
6500 Olceeehobae hive 
West Pain 
F133411 
I
Fax 
—Cell 
—Fax 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
ARRIGO DCJR 
From: 
Chris Shuman 
Fax: 
Pages: 3 
Phone: 
Date: 
Deffeliel3 
10 r i Z 0 ( 3
Re: 
Lawrence Visoski 
CC: 
LI Urgent 
D For Review 
Please Comment 
CI Please Reply 
17, Please Recycle 
• Comments 
I have also attached the Wire Transfer instructions as well. Call me if you need anything 
else 
EFTA01188421
--- PAGE 2 ---
03-05-'13 12:01 FROM 
T- B46 POWIE/UM F- Ubb 
SHUMAN.CHRISTOPHER
Salesman's Name 
FINAL 
6500 Okeechobee Blvd. 
Main Phone: 
Customer 
334011 
West Palm Beach. Ft. 33411 
Service & Body Shop: 
Dealt: 183470 
WWW.orrigoautOgrOup.cOral 
Fax: 
Stock 0: 130755 
2013 
Date 
Purchaser JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Co-Perchaser 
Birthdate 
I___/ 
Driver's Lice V220535600450 
Driver's Lid
Street Address 358 EL BRILLO WAY 
P.O. Box ill 
City PALM BEACH 
State FL 
Zip 33480 
Home Phone 
Business 
Cell I 
Email 
Phone 
Address 
NEW 0 
Year 2013 
Make DODGE 
model Caravan 
Body Type VN 
USED 0 
Color 
PXR Brilliant BlackrctystSEPearl Coat 
STOCK NO 
130755 
i 
Demoo Lo.tilICI4IRIDIGIBIGI 7 IDIR I 5 I 9 I 7 I 4 I 5 I 5 I 
Mileage 108 
TRADE IN DESCRIPTION 
Dealer List Price 
24951 00 
Yew 
Mike 
Model 
Maratha 
N/A 
ION 
Color 
N/A 
Balance: Amount 
N/A 
Date Due 
NIA 
Lein Holder. 
NA 
Mailing Address 
r mamma ttet tea kenee otatestri MO Men added to an VOW. 
N/A 
%Was e • rot Crweile erased waivers tra 
not caved by l• 
NIA 
Person Contacted 
Chetah/ weenie IS can.. le. In modem, armada_. eteepad 
N/A 
CUSTOMER GUARANTEE 
Customs, pennon  tram , , a non °ryas, no flood. no Iran /Lune° fl ack 
X 
Total Selling Price 
24951 00 
e 
Trade Allowance/Discount 
N/A 
Buyer's Difference 
= 
24951 00 
USED CARS AND TRUCKS ARE SOLD "AS IS" 
ri.,,,m+nria.000, 
aura 
FL Law - Waste Tire & Lead - Acid Battery Fee 
O 
Fees and Services• 
599 
te ee weer.. 
o'•••• 0•"••
• •1" i'''" "" "" 
"44 .4  4"4 1."4'.4. 4
—.v.++ irons* . e wow atatUe re lisfaa ...ram 0 ea datatat. o ena It a pawn S. v•34 4. 
and oars ...vane yawed.. de taw toed it kat. In k a 
swat d sunoto an de oantanas 
eaten. Ile 
Ina 
tee nu War we tatf• 
-wan 
(Non Chrysler) Extended Service Contract 
+ 
NiA 
odewa 
adeoaketta 
tame 
Ls dentaea' 
amebae that/ammo r.
 earom nate loweedaket 
Iv 
E-Fling 
+ 
00 
RENTAL 0 
I acknowledge I ham been advised tee an
 I an Outdating has ceen used as a regd.. 
Total Tesatge Amount 
sr 
25606 45 
Sales Tax at 6.0000% PLUS DISCR TAX + 
1536 39 
SPECIFIC TERMS & CONDITIONS 
Cutleries acknowledges that the Whale whirl is the ilabl•Ct a this methane hat bed draw 
to tre eaclent 0 
and has been rullia00 to bane tittilttton. 
License, Title & Registration 
+ 
401 
90 
—
Factory Rebate 
2000 00 
X 
. 
Customer Down Payment 
. 
N/A 
If Payoff Is less than asdmete, Ardgo Dodge Chrysler Jeep will refund 
dleteitinue. If payoff Is more than estimate customer agent to pay. 
X 
. 
Sub Total 
- 
25544174
4— Estimated Payoff of Trade 
+ 
Total Amount Due Areigo Dodge Chrysler Jeep 
= 
NIA 
25544 74 
FEES AND SERVICES" This CHARGE represents costs end profit to the seller/dealer for kerns such es inspecting and *gusting new end used 
vehicles and preparing documents related to the sale. 
This order Is in offer by the OurChitor to the seller to purchase the above deseaped vehide on credit, an terms described herein and an authorisation for the seer to seam any and at 
information from any source to determine the credit worthiness of the purchatat No contractual relationship is hereby tritated, rue rrisdoeure rewired by the Federal Consumer 
Protection act veil be inch prior 10 COMIurnMatiOn of a credit transaction by Weenier. Ogriattle• to an ineatmen sales contract 
Price etionea tar immediate delivery, tut if are price stout be increased Odom I have taken del/very I will have the privilege of accepting &ivory at the new pries 07 cart cancel this 
order and have my deposit refunded. If my used cr has been deiveed to you and order is thereafter canceled my used co- wi be returned to me and
 to pay a reasonab's 
charge for stoners end repairs to said car during period ol your possession. If you have sold my used WIWI:II and slow you a selling commission of 20 percent or the tale price. see 
not of rinse allowed in addition to any omens* Inhered in conditioning the car ter vale My used car will be lutieCt to f•a00Iaitel if not in the same conation at 06960.01, aporadred 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON REVERSE SIDE - PLEASE READ 
Date 03/03/2013 
Accepted 0 
Purchasers Signature 
Saks Manager 
Date 
AOCtaItt tv 
do.suressere Signature 
Brisinese Meager 
EFTA01188422
--- PAGE 3 ---
03-05-'13 12:01 FROM 
T-046 P0003/0003 F-058 
Wiring Instructions 
For Uso after 08/05/11 
DOMESTIC 
Arrigo Enterprises 
DBA ARMCO DODGE CHRYSLER JEEP 
WELLS FARC30 
255 S County Rd 
Palm Bea 
FL 33480 
KarPena Robertson 
Account Number: 2165041015670 
Wire Routing: 121000248 
Arrigo Contact: 
Susan Mo eon 
INTERNATIONAL 
Wells Fargo 
301 S. Tryon Street 
Charlotte NC 28285, U.S.A. 
Swift Code: WFBIUS6S 
• 
For Credit to account 0: 2165041015670 
Account title: Arrigo Enterprise, Inc DBA ARRIGO DODGE CHRYSLER JEEP 
PAW BEACH 
6500 OKEECNOVIt Stub 
WEST PWASEAO4 R.33411. 
ISOOMMILQ.2201 
SAWGRASS 
5901 MADISON AVI 
TAMARACK 33321 
EFTA01188423

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188424.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188424

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 18:51:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Look what is on my bed!!!! 
EFTA01188425
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188426
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188427

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188428.pdf
----------------------------------------
L
EFTA01188428

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188429.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 21:31:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg 
Hey Jeffrey!IMP ? :)s0000 busy this week!because the fashion week back to Paris now!Here are two pictures 
for the show that I got it today!i want to share with you !And I will meet the doctor tomorrow for the three 
teeth,I'm so happy!;) 
I hope everything is good by your side!Miss you a lot!Kiss<3 
imagemeg 
/I 25 few. 2014 , 12:25 , "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> Wig : 
miss you 
EFTA01188429
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188430

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188431.pdf
----------------------------------------
k 
• • 
• • •. 
• 
4111. 
EFTA01188431

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: Fwd: Manager #4 - Alex Gerasev 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 18:57:43 +0000 
Attachments: Alex_Gerasev_Tear Sheet.pdf; Alex_Gerasev_Resume.pdf; 
Alex Gerasev Strategy_Presentation.pdf; Alex_Gerasev_Photo.pdf 
Forwarded message  
From: Jeff Roy czi 
Date: Tue, Mar 5, 2013 at 12:11 PM 
Subject: Manager #4 - Alex Gerasev 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Todd Meister <I 
Attached materials for Alex Gerasev (Quanterra Advisors): 
Alex Gerasev tear sheet 
Alex Gerasev Resume 
Alex Gerasev Strategy Presentation 
With Thanks, 
Jeff Roy 
Pridemark Management, LLC 
direct: 
mobile: 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: 
The information in this email and its attachments is confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by only the 
individual or organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any, or the 
information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return 
email and delete this email from your system. 
EFTA01188432
--- PAGE 2 ---
DISCLAIMERS: 
This document is not intended as, and does not constitute an offer to sell or solicit any person to purchase securities. Any mention of 
securities named in this document is neither a recommendation nor a solicitation. Any offer or solicitation must be made only by 
means of a delivery of a private placement memorandum. No person should rely on any information in this document, but should rely 
exclusively on the private placement memorandum when considering whether to Invest. 
These results may be based on simulated or hypothetical performance results that have certain inherent limitations. Unlike the results 
shown in an actual performance record, these results do not represent actual trading. Also, because these trades have not actually 
been executed, these results may have under-or over-compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of 
liquidity. Simulated or hypothetical trading programs in general are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of 
hindsight. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to these being shown. 
Past results are not necessarily Indicative of future results. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188433

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188434.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188434

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188435.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01188435

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188436.pdf
----------------------------------------
elS" 
-Ala 
6.11, 
EFTA01188436

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188437.pdf
----------------------------------------
《
EFTA01188437

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188438.pdf
----------------------------------------
, 
EFTA01188438

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188439.pdf
----------------------------------------
V 
EFTA01188439

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188440.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188440

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188441.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188441

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188442.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 19:13:28 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188442
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188443
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188444

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188445.pdf
----------------------------------------
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
email: 
CERTIFIED MAIL 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTFD 
New York State Division of 
Criminal Justice Services 
Sex Offender Registry 
Tower Place 
Albany, NY 12203-3764 
March 5, 2013 
Re: 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein - Offender ID 33216 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
In connection with the registration in New York of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, Offender ID 33216, as 
a sex offender, this is to advise you of the purchase by Mr. Epstein of the following motor 
vehicle: 
Vehicle 
State of 
Property 
License 
Autnmohile 
Identificatiargamber 
Regina' 
color 
I oration 
ELWILL 
2013 Dodge 
2C4RDGBG7DRS9749S 
Florida 
Black 
Florida 
Awaiting Issuance 
Caravan 
We will provide you with the vehicle's license plate number once we receive the license 
plates for the vehicle. 
Consistent with your prior instructions, Mr. Epstein has signed and dated this letter in the 
space provided below to confirm his purchase of the above-described 2013 Dodge Caravan. 
If ou require any further information, please feel free to call me at my office, 
or on my mobile telephone number, 
Respectfully, 
Darren lndyke 
CONFIRMED: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dated: 
EFTA01188445

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188446.pdf
----------------------------------------
Constable Construction 
Job Proposal 
6546 Estate Nazareth #14 
St. "Thomas. VI 00802 
Tel: 
Email: samconstable66@yahoo.com 
To: LSJ 
Attn: Anna Rodriquez 
Materials and Labor Costs 
Re: Asphalt Pathways Seal Coat 
Little St. James Island 
US Virgin Islands 
Prepared By: E. Constable 
Item 
Unit Extended 
Quantity Costs (5) 
Extended 
Costs (5) 
Comment 
Surface Preparation 
SY 
13,000.00 
0.40 
5,200.00 
Prep asphalt surface area for seal coating 
Asphalt Seal Coating 
SY 
13,000.00 
5.10 
66,300.00 
Apply two coats commercial grade asphalt
surface sealer 
Equipment 
1.5 
1.00 
4,500.00 
4,500.00 
Applicators, mobile carts, drum dollies 
Preferred Customer 
Discount 
% 
10.00 
-7,600.00 
-7,600.00 
Overhead 
% 
9.50 
7,220.00 
7,220.00 
Gross receipt, taxes, shipping, insurance 
TOTAL 
$75,620.00 
* Note: Expected duration time for completion is 30 calendar days 
Signature 
tddison t-onstatne, rresioem 
EFTA01188446

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188447.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188447

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188448.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188448

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188449.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188449

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188450.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188450

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188451.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188451

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188452.pdf
----------------------------------------
MO 
EFTA01188452

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188453.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188453

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188454.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188454

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188455.pdf
----------------------------------------
inek 
EFTA01188455

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188456.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: The, 25 Feb 2014 22:50:41 +0000 
lnline-Images: photo.PNG 
Regards. 
EFTA01188456

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188457.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 06 Mar 2013 05:17:06 +0000 
Attachments: Screen Shot 2013-03-06_au 2.08.31 AM.png 
my favorite insult so far :) 
EFTA01188457

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188458.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yesterday, 05:52 PM 
Posted in reply to Velodtv173's post %airstream Gd 
write-stuff 
(User ID: write-stuff) 
Position and Hold 
r 4 01 
Join Date: Jul 2006 
Location: Atlanta 
Posts: 690 
a 
Re: Gulfstream Girl 
Her FB page refers to her as a "Public Figure". Jeeze, have we really lowered the bar this much for celebrity status? And personally, I don't think she's even attractive - way too skinny. 
Best Selling iPad Kneeboards and Mounts 
www.ForPilotsOnly.com 
Master Your Garmin GPS Online: 
www.GPSDirect.com 
EFTA01188458

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188459.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Paul Morris < 
>, Vahe Stepanian
Subject: [C] 
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2014 22:51:21 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1) 
Classification: Confidential 
As discussed, on a plane in the AM but Vahe is here - reach him on the same number: 
All My Best! 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile
Email 
PUT-401,47PeeftrOw 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01188459

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188460.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188460

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188461.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: US GIO  
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: Eye on the Market, March 6, 2013 
Date: Wed, 06 Mar 2013 16:53:52 +0000 
Attachments: 03-06-2013_-_EOTM_-_The_Spanish_Prisoner.pdf 
Inline-Images: image003.png; image005.png; image009.png; image012.png; image015.png; image017.png; 
image° I 9.j pg 
Eye on the Market, March 6, 2013 
Something for everyone: US growth trends; when the Fed will raise interest rates; value in US bank and healthcare 
stocks; why I believe the Spanish economic adjustment is destined to fail; springtime for stockpickers; and some 
Keystone XL math 
US economic/Fed update. US business activity is picking up (Q4 capital spending, January core durable goods, February 
production, capital spending and new order surveys), while real consumer spending is set to decline for a while as higher 
payroll and income taxes bite, and as the sequester kicks in. The drag from the sequester (as planned) is around half of the 
impact from the tax hikes already in place. All things considered, US growth looks like it will rebound to 2.5% or so by the 
end of the year. On the policy front, the Fed has been trotting out multiple defenses of its asset purchases (a topic covered 
in the Fifty Trades of awy note from two weeks ago), and is not expected to raise interest rates for a very long time. To get 
a sense for how long, consider one of the Fed's reported thresholds: a 6.5% unemployment rate. If payroll gains average 
177k per month (the trailing 12-month average), and if the labor force participation rate remains constant at today's 63%, 
the Fed would hit its threshold in the summer of 2015. If the labor force participation rate rose (as discouraged job-seekers 
re-enter the job market), the threshold would be delayed even further. Of course, much faster payroll growth or signs of 
inflation could accelerate a Fed hike, but so far, Bernanke and his presumed successor (Yellen) have an easy money story to 
tell and they are sticking to it. 
US manufacturing 
ISM index level 
1.5% 
Jan-11 Apr-11 Jul-11 Oct-11 Jan-12 Apr-12 Jul-12 Oct-12 Jan-13 
Sou ce: ISM. BEA. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. February consumption 
forecast as perJPMS. 
up, consumption down 
% change, 3-month saar 
Real consumption 
3.5% 
p 
Estimated Fed tightening dates based on payroll growth 
Thousands 
350 
2.5% 
300 
1.5% 
250 
0.5% 
200 
-0.5% 
150 
100 
Ma •14 
Mar-15 
Mar-16 
Mar-17 
Mar-18 
Source: Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. JPMAM. Note: Assumes 
populabangrov,thrateof past 12 monlhsand linear return to 64.5 % LFPR. 
Dot indicates when a 6.5% unemployment 
rate is reached based on a combination of 
payroll growth and labor force participation 
rate (LFPR): 
—63.6%LFPR (current) 
.13.4.5%LFPR 
Past 12-month avg 
As the equity market keeps rallying, what sectors are still priced at large discounts to history? While banks and 
healthcare are subject to a mountain of regulatory issues, valuations appear to fairly compensate investors for many of the 
risks. 
On healthcare, the Affordable Care Act will take time to sort out. Here are some concepts to keep in mind by sub-sector: 
** Private hospitals have already suffered ACA Medicare provider cuts, and now stand to benefit from increased utilization 
rates and a reduction in uncompensated care. It's not clear how many states will participate in the Medicaid expansion 
plan, but our sources indicate that 10-IS million individuals may eventually be covered for the first time, a benefit to 
hospitals. 
** Lab testing companies may see reimbursements fall, first from Medicare and then commercial customers who follow 
suit. 
*** There are Senators advocating on behalf of medical device companies to lessen the impact of a 2.3% tax on revenues 
mandated by the ACA, but so far, they have not been successful. The high US margins of device companies (-70% median 
EFTA01188461
--- PAGE 2 ---
gross margin) make the politics of repeal difficult; the administration believes they will make it up on volume. 
** Drug distribution generally lays outside the scope of the government price-setting, and should benefit from increased 
drug utilization. Life Sciences companies have already seen valuations decline due to fears about the impact of 
sequestration. 
** Good news for biotech and large cap pharmaceutical companies: in 2012, the FDA approved new drug compounds at a 
fast pace last seen in the mid 1990's, alleviating the patent cliff many had been facing. However, even though the 
Affordable Care Act focused primarily on healthcare coverage expansion and how to pay for it [a] and less on reducing 
costs, the US government may eventually get around to asserting control over drug prices as its pricing power grows (as 
Europe has). 
** On insurers, the 85% medical loss ratio (MLR) has been in place for 2 years for commercial healthcare policies 
covering —160 mm people, and only resulted in small premium rebates (since most insurers have MLRs above 85% once 
all allowable expenses are loaded in). MLRs will now be applied to Medicare Advantage product lines, a very profitable 
segment of-14 mm people. Experience with commercial healthcare MLRs suggests the impact should be minor, but time 
will tell. What about the net cost/benefit for insurers of having to accept patients with pre-existing conditions (adverse 
selection) vs the promise of new young, healthy customers that don't opt out of the individual mandate? That remains to be 
seen as well. 
[Note a] Our best estimate of the cost of Obamacare is $1.7 trillion, IF one asks the following question: what is the total 
amount of taxes and penalties raised (from businesses and individuals) that would otherwise not have been levied, and 
spending cuts which would otherwise not have taken place? According to the Congressional Budget Office, for the period 
2013-2022, this answer to this question is $1.7 trillion. 
The charts below show valuation measures for healthcare. In the first, we show how healthcare PIE multiples are at multi-
decade lows relative to consumer staples, and in the second, we show the free cash flow yield of the four major defensive 
sectors. The uncertainties and complexities of government reform will not go away anytime soon, but in many cases, 
investors are being paid to wait and see what happens to the healthcare sector. 
Healthcare valuations relative to staples 
Free cash flow yield of defensive sectors 
HealthcarelConsumer staples forward PE ratio 
Cash flow divided by marketvalue of equity, percent 
2.0 - 
10% 
9% 
Telecom 
1.8 - 
8% 
1.6• 
7% 
1.4 - 
6% 
-- 
-- - 
5% 
1.2 
4% 
1.0 - 
3% 
2% 
0.8  
- 
1% 
1976 1980 
1984 1988 1992 
1996 2000 0 2004 
. 
2008 2012 
2002 
2004 
2006 
Source: Factset, Morgan Stanley 
Source: Factset, Morgan Stanley. 
2008 
2010 
2012 
Utilities 
Healthcare 
On US commercial banks, there are plenty of headwinds as well: 
** over 10,000 pages of rules & regulations from Dodd-Frank so far (and they are only 35% complete according to Davis 
Polk) 
** a decline in net interest margins associated with the collapse in the steepness of the yield curve 
** a decline in returns on tangible equity compared to 1993-2007 (see chart) 
** further release of loan loss reserves may slow. While reserves to total loans shot up in 2008/2009, banks have since 
released 50-65% of the increase. From 2010 to 2012, released provisions are roughly equal to the improvement in bank 
earnings 
On the plus side, capital ratios are in good shape, loan demand is improving (autos, commercial real estate, commercial/ 
industrial and residential), and the ongoing housing recovery should begin to show up in earnings. If/when the yield 
curve steepens and nominal GDP growth is running at 5% again, will the leverage embedded in commercial bank balance 
sheets boost RoEs back to 15%? If so, multiples may follow. 
EFTA01188462
--- PAGE 3 ---
Price to book ratio of US commercial banks 
RoE &Valuations: Is the US bank RoE decline permanent? 
Multiple 
Multiple 
Percent 
3.5x 
4x 
25% 
Median 1-year 
forward return 
on tangible 
equity 
3.0x 
2.5x 
2.0x 
1.5x 
1.0x 
0.5x  
. 
. 
• 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Ix 
1970 
1975 
1980 
1985 
1990 
1995 
2000 
2005 
2010 
1993 
1996 
1999 
2002 
2005 
2008 
2011 
Sou ce: Factset, Morgan Stanley. 
Source: Morgan Stanley. 
Median price 
to tangible 
book value 
4-
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
Remaining questions deal with Dodd-Frank and Volcker Rule implementation. An August 2012 research note from S&P 
estimates that such regulations (excluding those already in place, such as the Durbin Amendment) could represent an 
additional RoE drag of 0.9% to 2.0%. Impacts are related to over-the-counter derivative rules, limits on proprietary 
investments and trading, and higher compliance costs. Meanwhile, affordable lending policies which played a large role in 
the financial crisis continue to chug along. Government-sponsored enterprises now guarantee —90% of all 1-4 family 
mortgage origination, and the FHA continues to make 2%-3% downpayment loans to families with very high debt-to-
income ratios, resulting in elevated foreclosure rates in those communities. Recently announced underwriting changes by 
FHA are a distraction; they only apply to loans above $625k or to loans with FICO scores below 620, which combined 
represent less than 5% of current FHA volume. 
The Spanish Prisoner: why the adjustment in Spain looks like it will eventually fail 
The people of Spain are prisoners of an economic adjustment that looks like something dreamed up by Torquemada. Let 
me explain. I was discussing Spain with a colleague, and I mentioned the ongoing collapse in Spanish labor compensation 
(see chart). He cheerfully connected the compensation decline with an improvement in Spain's competitiveness, and 
offered the improvement in Spain's trade balance as proof. A lot of the recent compensation decline had to do with public 
sector workers (who export nothing) and not private sector ones, but let's assume he's right that private sector wages are 
impacted as well. Is this a sustainable way to regain competitiveness? Historically, balance of payments crises brought on 
by competitiveness gaps were almost always addressed in part through currency devaluation, as shown in the table. Let's 
go to the archives. 
Trade improvement, courtesy of Tomas de Torquemada 
The road less travelled 
YoY % change 
% of GDP 
10% 
0% 
6% 
Trade Balance -0- 
-2% 
4% 
4% 
2% 
0% 
-2% 
-4% 
-8%
Total nominal 
-6% 
4— compensation of 
-10% 
8% 
employees 
-10% 
-12% 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
Source: Institute Nacional de Estad (slice, Banco de Espana. 
Source: JPIMANI. Haver Analytics. FX deckles represent 24-month changes 
Mode° 1994 
56% decline in the trade-weighted Peso 
Thailand 1997 
22% decline in the trade-weighted Baht 
Korea 1997 
20% decline in the trade-weighted Won 
Italy 1975 
26% decline in the trade-weighted Lira 
Italy 1981 
10% decline in the trade-weighted Lira 
Spain 1981 
20% decline in the trade-weighted Peseta 
Spain 2008 
11% decline in total compensation and a 26% 
unemployment rate 
The 2008-2012 recovery in Spain's trade balance didn't happen as quickly as the other episodes, but at least the gap closed, 
right? Not so fast. Spain's exports have been growing, but its recovery is the worst of the bunch, indicating that trade 
improvement relies heavily on an import collapse and 25%+ unemployment. The last chart is the smoking gun: the 
growth dynamics of the current Spanish adjustment are nothing short of terrible in an historical context. One could 
also look the collapse in capital spending in Spain, down at a 28% annual rate in Q4 2012 even when excluding 
construction. Did inflation spike in prior episodes after devaluation? Yes, but real GDP measures improvement after 
taking inflation into account, which is why the last chart tells you most of what you need to know. Torquemada the 
Inquisitor would be impressed with the pain that Spain is inflicting on itself. The bad news for Spanish labor markets isn't 
over: most measures of Spanish competitiveness show that only half the gap has been closed vs Germany. I don't see how 
EFTA01188463
--- PAGE 4 ---
this can be sustained indefinitely, even with the rally in Spanish sovereign and bank spreads, and with looser fiscal 
policy sanctioned by the EU. Without a true fiscal transfer union in Europe, caveat emptor in its Periphery, unless prices 
for stocks, bank loans and real estate are sufficiently cheap. 
Trade balance 
Real exports 
Percentof GDP 
Index 
15% - 
220 
KOR '97 
10% • 
200 
180 
160 
140
120 
100 
-10% 
-4 -2 0 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 18 18 2D 
-4 -2 0 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16 18 20 
denotes quarter before devaluation 
denotes quarter before devaluation 
Source: IMF. Bank for International Settlements. OECD. Respective Central Banks 
Real GDP 
Index 
125 
120 
115 
110 
105 
100 
-4 -2 0 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16 18 20 
denotes quarter before devaluation 
Good news for active equity managers: the last few years were characterized by an extraordinarily high degree of 
correlation across individual large-cap stocks, as all the geese flew together regardless of wingspan. As many of the 
world's macro risks have subsided, these correlations have fallen again. In many subsets of the equity market, this has 
increased the opportunity set for active equity managers to add value through stock-picking. In the second chart, we show 
how the percentage of large cap core managers outperforming the S&P 500 jumped towards the end of 2012. To me, these 
developments are connected, and suggest that manager outperformance of equity benchmarks may face an easier road that 
it has in recent years. 
A decline in average cap-weighted return correlation 
...may be contributing to an Increase In the number of 
among large cap stocks.,. 
managers outperforming, % of large cap core managers 
70% 
outperforming the S&P 500,6-month basis 
70% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30%• 
20% 
10% 
0%  
1926 
1938 
1950 
1962 
1974 
1986 
1998 
2010 
Source: Empirical Research Partners. 
60% 
50% 
) 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
Jul-03 
Jan-05 
Jul-OS 
Jan-08 
Jul-09 
Jan-11 
Jul-12 
Sou as: Lipper. Data as of January 2013. 
Last comment, on some Keystone XL pipeline math. The US State Department released a 2,000 page report indicating 
that the net CO2 impact is effectively zero, since the oil in Alberta's tar sands will be produced and consumed anyway even 
if the pipeline to the US isn't built. But let's assume for a moment that if the US didn't build this pipeline, there would be 
no demand for related Canadian tar sands oil from other buyers, and that the US obtains an equivalent amount of oil from 
some other conventional source with a lower CO2 footprint (one of the primary objections to Keystone). The net amount of 
COI emissions saved over the course of an entire year in this scenario would be offset every 8 hours by emissions from 
China alone, based on our calculations. It will be interesting to see how the Administration makes its decision. While net 
crude and petroleum imports are declining at a rapid pace (due to a surge in unconventional oil production and increased 
use of more fuel-efficient cars), the US will still need to import oil. Are the economic and geopolitical consequences for 
the US better if this oil comes from Venezuela, Africa or the Middle East? 
EFTA01188464
--- PAGE 5 ---
US net Imports of petroleum 
Million bagels per day.6-month moving average 
Net imports of crude and 
petroleum products 
. 
. 
1973 
1983 
1993 
Source: USEnergy InfonnalicoAdminiseation. 
Michael Cembalest 
Morgan Asset Management 
2003 
2013 
Biographies. Tomas de Torquemada, 1420 — 1498, grand inquisitor and most infamous figure of the Spanish Inquisition, under whose 
guidance the Inquisition used various forms of gruesome torture to extract heresy confessions from its victims. Torquemada traveled 
with 300 bodyguards, well aware of how despised he was in 15th century Spain. Anyone could bring anonymous accusations or 
testimony to Inquisition tribunals, leading to false accusations as a means of settling scores and seizing property. Public executions (of 
those burned at the stake) were festive events, sometimes lasting all day. "The Inquisition, A History", Michael Thomsen, McFarland, 
2010. 
ACA = Affordable Care Act (Obamacare); BEA = Bureau of Economic Analysis; FDA = Food and Drug Administration; FHA = 
Federal Housing Administration; FICO = a consumer credit scoring system; ISM = institute for Supply Management; MLR = 
Maximum Loss Ratio 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters 
contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing 
or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. bra--
related penalties. Note that J.P. Morgan is not a licensed insurance provider. 
The material contained herein is intended at a general market commentary. Opinions expressed herein are thaw of Michael Cembalest and may differ from those of other JP 
Morgan employees and affiliates. This information in no mu, constitutes J.P. Morgan research and should not be treated as such. Further, the views expressed herein may differ from 
that contained in J.P. Morgan research reports. The above summary/prices/quotes/statistics have been obtained from sources deemed to be reliable. but we do not guarantee their 
accuracy or completeness, any yield referenced is indicative and subject to change. Past performance is not a guarantee affront results. References to the performance or 
character of our porffolias generally refer to our Balanced Model Portfolios constructed by JP Morgan. It is a pax) fo client performance and may not represent actual 
transactions or investments in client accounts. The model portfolio can be implemented across brokerage or managed accounts depending on the unique objectives of each client 
and is serviced through distinct legal entitles licensed for specific activities. Bank. trust and investment management services are provided by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA, and its 
affiliates. Securities are offered through JP. Morgan Securities LW (JAMS) Member NYSE, HAMA and SIPE and its affiliates globally as local legislation permits. Securities 
products purchased or  .old through JPMS are nor insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"): are not deposits or other obligations afro bank or thrill 
affiliates and are not guaranteed by its bank or thrift affiliates: and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal invested. Not all investment ideas 
referenced are seri:able for all investors. Speak with your J.P. Morgan Representative concerning your personal situation. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for 
the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Private Investments mar engage in leveraging amt other speculative practices that may increase the risk of investment loss. can be 
highly illiquid. are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuations to investors and may involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax information. 
Typically such Investment ideas can only be offered to suitable investors through a confidential offering memorandum which fully describes all terms, conditions, and risks. High 
yield bonds are speculative notrimestment grade bonds that have higher risk of &lava or other adverse credit events which are appropriate for hi/thole!: investors only. 
Investments In commodities carry greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. There are additional risks associated with international investing and may not be 
suitable for all investors. This material is distributed with the understanding that J.P. Morgan is not rendering accounting, legal or tax advice. You should consult with your 
independent advisors concerning. uch masers. 
Bank products and services are offered by JP.Worgan Chase Bank N.A. and its affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P. Morgan Securities LW. member NYSE, FINRA and SIPC. and 
other affiliates globally as local legislation permits. 
In the United Kingdom, this material is approved by J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited (JPM1B) with the registered office located at 25 Bank Street, Canary ?Marl London 
Elf SIP, registered in England No. 03838766 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority: In addition. this material may be distributed by: JPMorgan 
Chase Bank N.A. (JPMCB) Paris branch, which is regulated by the French banking authorities Autorite de Contrdle Prudentiel and Autorite des March& Financiers: J.P. Morgan 
(Suisse) SA. regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority: JPMCB Bahrain branch, licensed as a contrational wholesale bank by the Central Bank of Bahrain 
(for professional clients only): JPMCB Dubai branch, regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority 
In Hong Kong. this material is distributed by JPAIorgan Chase Bank. N.A. (JPMCB) Hong Kong branch except to recipients having an account at JAMCB Singapore branch and 
where this material relates to a Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds. uch as private equity and hedge Ands) in which case it is distributed by J.P. Morgan 
Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (JPMSAPL). Both JPMCB Hong Kong branch and JPMSAPL are regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
In Singapore. this material is distributed byJPMCB Singapore branch except to recipients having an account at JPMCB Singapore branch and where this material relates to a 
Collective Investment Scheme (other than private funds. uch as a private equity and hedge funds) in which case it is distributed by J.P. Morgan (SEA) Limited (JPMSEAL). Both 
JPMCB Singapore branch and JAMSEAL are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
lilth respect to countries in Latin America. deedistribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Receipt of this material does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to wham it would be unlawful to make. uch offer or solicitation. 
Each recipient of rote presentation. and each agent thereof may disclose to any person. without limitation, the US income and franchise tax treatment and tax. tructure of the 
transactions described herein and may disclose all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) provided to each recipient insofar as the materials relate to a US 
income or franchise tax strategy provided to such recipient by JPMorgan Chase 41 Co. and its subsidiaries. Should you have any questions regarding the information contained in 
EFTA01188465
--- PAGE 6 ---
thu material or about JP. Morgan products and services please contact your JP Morgan private banking representative. Additional information is available upon request. J.P.
"
Mouton" le the marketing name for JAWorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. This material may not be reproduced or circulated without J.P. MorganI 
authority tt 2013 JP,Iforgan Chaste& Co. All rights reserved 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://wwwjpmorgan.corn/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA01188466

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188467.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Twitter <n-wrrinpngvba=tznvy.pbz-4113d®postmaster.twitter.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: jeffrey epstein, here's what's happening on Twitter 
Date: Wed, 06 Mar 2013 18:00:46 +0000 
Jeffrey epstein, 
Here's what's trending on Twitter this week. 
; 
Alex Wagner @alexwagner 
1% percent of NYC children slept in a shelter this January. 
 The number of NYC homeless families is up 73% since 
2002: on.wsj.comqjvHSL 
New York City Leads Jump in Homeless 
An average of more than 50,000 people slept each night in 
New York City's homeless shelters for the first time in 
January, a record that underscores an unsettling national 
trend: a rising number of... 
rb, I 11-
I 11-
I IF; I In, 
le.4 
led 
led 
RELATED 
TWEETS 
Mar 
Newyorkist @Newyorkist 
"...a few years back I was offered a staff job w the Atlantic to 
write 6 articles a year for a retainer of 
$125,000," bit.ly/14oSpdH 
Mar 
A Day in the Life of a Freelance Journalist---2013 
A Day in the Life of a Freelance Journalist-2013 Here is an exchange between 
the Global Editor of the Atlantic Magazine and myself this afternoon attempting to 
solicit my professional services fo... 
RELATED 
TWEETS 
r
NYT Theater @nytimestheater 
Meet the //cats that could play the part of Holly Golightly's 
 Cat in @TiffanysOnElway nyti.ms/XP8gCp 
Herding Cats in 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' on 
Broadway 
Will act for herring: The director of "Breakfast at Tiffany's; 
coming to Broadway, is facing predictable challenges in 
casting — and rehearsing — the onstage cat. 
IR I g I RELATED 
TWEETS 
Mar 
VJ 
EFTA01188467
--- PAGE 2 ---
Lockhart Steele @Lock 
Williamsburg waterfront insanity » RT @jIdailey618 RT 
I @CurbedNY Two Trees' SHoP-Designed Domino Sugar 
site REVEALED curbed.ccll3yfizj 
Two Trees' SHoP-Designed Domino 
Development, REVEALED! 
When Two Trees plunked down $185 million to buy the 
Domino Sugar Factory development site last summer, the 
already-approved plans for four-towers and 2,200 apartments 
were universally hated. The... 
; 321 ; 321 ; 321 ; 321 ;II 5 
RELATED TWEETS 
Mar 
a 
Ken Singleton @29aiitime 
LOOKOUT!! Tune in tonight to YES at 7pm. Yankees & 
Braves. Lou Piniella makes his spring debut. Along with 
@JackCurryYES & @29alltime 
2 1 2  I 3RE1VVEETS 
Liz Cho @LizCho7 
@LeeGoldbergABC7 briefing the @eyewitnessnyc 
newsroom on Wednesday's winter storm. Latest forecast at 
4. pic.twitter.com/qbpVSgkhO3 
RETWEETS 
Mar 
R, 
Bruce Beck @BruceBeck4NY 
Wed on @NBCNewYork 4 - we feature Brooklyn's Rocky, 
 Frank Galarza who fights Sat @barclayscenter 
@brettyormark pic.twitter.com/4iU8j6i4nK 
R IIR I RETWEETS 
Mar 
EFTA01188468
--- PAGE 3 ---
TROY AVE 3/7 SOB's @TroyAve 
TONIGHT! 7pm -12 im here hosting INTERMIX w/ my 
brotha Iowkeys/O 2 @MachtWorld, @NYCLOUT, and... 
instagr.am/p/Wc3jtsowwL/ 
JJ 
Mar 
Don't miss out. Stay up to date on what's happening. 
Go to Twitter 
Forgot your Twitter password? Get instructions on how to reset it. 
You can also unsubscribe from these emails or change your notification settings. Need help? 
If you received this message in error and did not sign up for Twitter. click not my account. 
Twitter. Inc. 1355 Market St.. Suite 900 San Francisco. CA 94103 
EFTA01188469

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188470.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188470

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188471.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuli 
To: Jeffre E stein <*eevacation a mail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 07 Mar 2013 02:19:19 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2).jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg 
EFTA01188471

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188472.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
EFTA01188472

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188473.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188473

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188474.pdf
----------------------------------------
r
EFTA01188474

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188475.pdf
----------------------------------------
It
EFTA01188475

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188476.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188476

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188477.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188477

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188478.pdf
----------------------------------------
Oscar Charlie 
btw if you want the real scoop on that gulfstream in the EMAS at 
TEB let me know, I was in the tower when it happened 
OC 
Gulfstream Girl 
Oh wow, I'd love to hear the story. Are you a controller at TEB? 
Oscar Charlie 
Yes I'm a controller there, we were on the Ither ILS 6 Gs out or 
gps 6,not good minimums, gusty winds, well GTH26 I think was 
the call sign didn't put it down till near the intersection of 1/6 
then his tr's deploy so he is committed, also wet runway, I'm 
saying aloud uh crash phone crash phone crash phone, finally 
some one else says you should use the crash phone to the 
controller in charge 
Oscar Charlie 
So here comes the chineese fire drill, the Cic controller in charge 
tells them in the emas is a g4 on dep end of six, where do the 
trucks go? The wrong way, towards the approach end, mind you 
we only had 1 emas at that time 
So then we tell the truck turn left on 6 cross 1 so the truck 
crosses 6!!! And still delayin his self to get to the plane. 
So anyway ails well they had to replace the landing gear on the G 
due to emas sand etc and the plane is flying again. But don't 
repost this 
EFTA01188478

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188479.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Diamond Advice 
Date: Thu, 07 Mar 2013 04:31:09 +0000 
Attachments: msg328-00l.tif 
lane-Images: 2.50ct_Oval_F_VS2.jpg; Screen_Shot_2013.03.06_at_5.13.10_PM.png; photo_l .JPG; photo_2.JPG; 
photo_3.JPG; photo_4.JPG 
Let me know if it doesn't come through this time. 
Thanks again, 
This message b directed to and is for the use of the above-noted addressee only. and la contents may be legally privileged or confidential. if the reader of this message is not the intended 
recipient. you are hereby notified that any distribution. dissemination. or copy of ties message is shicey prohibited. If you have received this message in error. please delete it irnmediately and 
notify the sender. Tas message is not intended to be an electronic signature nor to constitute an agreement of any kind under applicatie law unless otherwise expressly indicated hereon. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: Diamond Advice 
Date: March 6 2013 6:44:25 PM PST 
To 
No Gia arched 
On Wednesday, March 6, 2013, 
Jeffrey, I hope all is well. 
wrote: 
I think we have started to narrow in on a diamond. I have been working with CORA (www coraintcrnational corn). We met them 
through a mutual friend. I have shopped their prices around and they seem to be equal to or better, but as I have learned this is a 
very difficult market to price with so many factors in each stone. 
I
The GIA report is below on the diamond they have recommended for 
. It's a beautiful diamond and amazing setting. As 
imagined they came in a little above the price range I gave them but a er spending an hour with them and not committing they 
started to soften up a little more. They asked for $45K. The range I gave them was 30-40K. At the end he said he would speak to 
his partner (good cop bad cop routine) about making this work in our range (at 40 I'm assuming). Possibly including both of our 
wedding bands into the price. 
Do you think this is a good price for the below stone, plus setting and wedding bands? 
Below is the report and some pictures of the stone on 
setting but with a different diamond. 
Thanks in advance for your advice. 
There is also a picture of the 
P.S. For what it's worth I think 
would do a good job. I've seen her sit through an entire dinner without feeling the need to 
say a word until she was asked something then responded with an intelligent answer because she was paying attention and then 
didn't speak again until ask to. That's hard to find. 
This message is directed to and Is for the use of the above.noled addressee only and Its contents may be legally privileged or confidential. If the reader of this message is not the Intended 
incipient. you are hereby roared that any distribution. dasemination. or copy of tha message Is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message ii error. please delete it immediately 
and ratify the sender. This message a not Intended to be an electronic signature nor to constitute en agreement of any kind under spareable law unless otherwise expressly indicated 
hereon. 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA01188479
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188480
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188481
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01188482
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01188483
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01188484
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01188485
--- PAGE 8 ---
************ 
***** ****************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01188486
--- PAGE 9 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jrevacation®gouilstm, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188487

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188488.pdf
----------------------------------------
cc 
a.
ce
ce 
a 
stock# 28249 
GIA 
GIMOLOGICAL (NSTItlraa Of AmtilICA.
GRAO;liti REPORT 
Docember 19, 2012 
Shape and Cutting Style  
 Oval Brilliant 
Measurements 
 11.42 x 7.44 x 4.43 mni 
Carat Weight 
 2.50 carat 
Color Grado 
Clarity Grade 
 V52 
Finish 
Polish 
 Good 
Symmetry 
 Good 
Fluorescence 
 None 
Comments: 
Adertnnal clouds ale not shown. 
Pinpoints We not shown. 
thick 
extremely 
thick 
(faceted) 
KEY TO SYMBOLS 
Crystal 
Cloud 
Nee4to 
Xel reeds Sou rata th.Fan,/,1 
Lane allla :rail 
Jnht sr.•.to 
Sotefia.vs eAsuat) taq.0 s pi Oral. mitALKAIT d 7, Siand se sports 
:too ‘nO;zie tae. XI:SAW-Waal/MI r 
Cada laaralla,C3 Al c•tal ogrAkku 
Aty 7.4 5/ gum OrAl: d lush n 
rd... 
ICOLOR 
'SCALE 
r 
I 
a 
• 
• 
_•_•___ 
•
;PA 
CLARITY 
SCALE 
mans 
RAMS 
(Ti
Ival
ml 
Profile not to actual proportions 
CIA Laboatarits 
Bigot 
Carlsbad 
itu:gr 
JfidrsleShag Msoltal 
!Ifs )1;1k 
wfts.slisdr 
la 
e. raid^ 
sail 
lxvilliatalwinaq 
&wawa 
Ps rad rial 
RsSr I 
alt 
cut Naval r71 stial a al OM lad, at law4 
paY 
A) Inta as ilea 
ael la Saar isi afar 
ava a 
t 
Isa 
ta. sato 'ataxia/7 hear: 
r{unn lb <luxe aa ael a aataat aaa:A7 
arta, V 
a 4aa
s •4 
dY/4 • kW • 11. tare; 
am 
'tee. 
gal Parra s 
ban r.ik• payii, 
p, 
-raw. OA alat 
rifles 
:7tana ea abut el. 
v *de ea 'wt..: Iv 134 • 
s SAW 
I him 
'a Men as itar as rof 0019. I nista: ire , • 
"flap SW 74 AV 'PM °Wiliam 
1404>-180ne"
Ci 
IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON BACK 
01114 
attar 
la 
Ili 
EFTA01188488

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ICaryna Shuliak czl 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
Date: Tue, 12 Mar 2013 21:34:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: Roll.gif 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188489

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188490.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188490

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188491.pdf
----------------------------------------
kr 9 
EFTA01188491

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188492.pdf
----------------------------------------
'Nlirr—c‘t: dvisfestegii
EFTA01188492

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188493.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 01:52:17 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg 
Jeffrey, which one of the 13" Mac book air do I need to buy? the characteristics are in the attached picture 
EFTA01188493

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188494.pdf
----------------------------------------
?age 1 
OF 1 RECORD(S) 
New Jersey Court Report 
Offender information 
Name: KASSNER, ROBERT 
Address: 329 DIXON AVE 
PATERSON, NJ 07501-3327 
PASSAIC COUNTY 
Case Number: 
DOB: 
SSN: 
Offenses 
Offense #1 
Offense #2 
Offense #3 
Court Case Number: 
Court Offense: 
Court Disposition: 
Sentence - Probation: 
Court Case Number: 
Court Offense: 
Sentence - Probation: 
94000183 
THEFT BY DECEPTION 
NON-CUSTODIAL 
Max: 3 Years 
94000183 
THEFT BY DECEPTION 
Max: 3 Years 
Court Case Number: 94000183 
Court Offense: NOT SPECIFIED 
Court Disposition: GUILTY 
Court Activity 
Important: rhe Public Records and commercially available data sources used on reports have errors. Data is 
sometimes entered poorly, processed incorrectly and is generally not free from defect. This system should not be 
relied upon as definitively accurate. Before relying on any data this system supplies, it should be independently 
verified. For Secretary of State documents, the following data is for information purposes only and is not an 
official record. Certified copies may be obtained from that individual state's Department of State. 
Your DPPA Permissible Use is: Debt Recovery/Fraud 
Your GLBA Permissible Use is: Fraud Prevention or Detection 
CopyrightO 2013 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. 
EFTA01188494

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188495.pdf
----------------------------------------
?age 1 
OF 1 RECORD(S) 
New Jersey Court Report 
Offender information 
Name: KASSNER, ROBERT S 
Address: 32 BIRCH AVE 
OAKLAND, NJ 07436.1228 
BERGEN COUNTY 
Case Number: 84001641 
DOB: 
SSN: 
Offenses 
Offense #1 
Offense #2 
Court Case Number: 
Court Offense: 
Sentence - Jail: 
Court Case Number: 
Court Offense: 
Court Disposition: 
Court Activity 
i-ou,L); 
84001641 
AGG ASSAULT 
Max: 10 Years 
84001641 
NOT SPECIFIED 
GUILTY 
Important: The Public Records and commercially available data sources used on reports have errors. Data is 
sometimes entered poorly, processed incorrectly and is generally not free from defect. This system should not be 
relied upon as definitively accurate. Before relying on any data this system supplies, it should be independently 
verified. For Secretary of State documents, the following data is for information purposes only and is not an 
official record. Certified copies may be obtained from that individual state's Department of State. 
Your DPPA Permissible Use is: Debt Recovery/Praud 
Your GLBA Permissible Use is: Fraud Prevention or Detection 
Copyright° 2013 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. 
EFTA01188495

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Bella Klein
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2014 12:39:47 +0000 
Attachments: hhhh.png 
send 50 dolloars 
Forwarded message 
From 
Date: Sun, Feb 23, 2014 at 9:04 AM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
Hi Jeffrey, This is a screen capture of my application process, I was writing a long letter and filled everything, 
but they told me to pay on the 4th step ( 
I was asking for some friends to borrow me 50 $, because all money I have is for my apartment for March, and 
still it didnt make any sense, cause nobody has a visa card. 
what should I do ? 
avec coin, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188496

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188497.pdf
----------------------------------------
Motivational Speaker 
Live the life You Deserve 
Discover the foundation of who you are. 
Your Worth_ Your Authority Your Choice. 
Patricia knows adversay. 
She shares intimate and eye-opening details of 
ltrough hardship and discovery to contkience and serenity. 
At age 50 she won a national model search 
sponsored try MORE IMoraine and WIMarina ModelsrNYC 
'When you trust your worth, 
can claim those things you need 
EFTA01188497

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188498.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 14:40:28 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188499
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188500

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188501.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 15:50:24 +0000 
Attachments: 20130313 005429_1jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01188501

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188502.pdf
----------------------------------------
' 
tis 
„ 
;• • 
# 
?
: 
r3s 41 
•;-' 
•.1.-•- • 
v. 
rw 
r 
• 
• 
' 
•Ith, 
„,r 
) 14.‘ 
0) r:‘ , 
`-r • ', 
- 
I
LL
EFTA01188502

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188503.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 26 Aug 2015 04:28:28 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 3882.JPG 
Jeffrey!!! It's so good!!! Thank you! 
EFTA01188503

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188504.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188504

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188505.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeanluc brunel 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 15:49:51 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Attachments: 20130310 182354.jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01188505

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188506.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188506

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188507.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Quora Weekly Digest <digest-noreply@quora.com> 
To: jeevacation(ii%gmail.com 
Subject: How did IE get to be so bad (relative to Chrome, Safari, Firefox)? - Quora 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 15:54:52 +0000 
Your Quora Weekly Digest 
Top Content For You This Week 
How did IE get to be so bad (relative to Chrome, Safari, 
Firefox)? 
539 Hadi Partovi, founder/investor guy 
I was part of the Internet Explorer leadership and ran 
Program Management through the launch of IE 5.0, so I can 
talk about what made IE amazing during the "good years" 
(th... Read More » 
What is Roger Federer like in real life? 
854 Anon User 
I met him in Scotland. I was in a small Scottish town not too 
far from Dundee, called Pittenweem. We were incidentally in 
the same hotel. It was small, not at all like a bi... Read 
More » 
Why does Starbucks not need my signature on payment 
receipt when I pay by credit card? 
699 Garrick Saito, Starbuck's coffeeholic, fan and share... 
Ie.:This is an operational decision 
based on risk. 
Close your eyes and think for a moment what happens to 
that little piece of paper with your signature on it. 
EFTA01188507
--- PAGE 2 ---
Now, try to imag... Read More » 
What is it like to be denied tenure as a professor? 
321 Pablo Pomposiello, biotechnologist 
The short answer: I was denied tenure at the University of 
Massachusetts-Amherst in 2008. It wasn't fun, it wasn't a 
surprise and it wasn't the end of anything really, othe... Read 
More » 
How did Yale and Harvard become so prestigious? 
328 James Pitt, Harvard undergrad. 
Because they're very old and very rich. 
Harvard was the first university established in the United 
States; Yale was the third. They've been building up their 
endowment and... Read More )) 
The Fourth Wave: From a skin flick to bluetooth. One 
woman's amazing life. 
675 Simon Brown 
Written by Naomi Ragan. 
It all started with a skin flick.... Read More » 
What would happen if the world's richest men donated $1 
million to every inhabitant on earth? 
aso Balaji Viswanathan, Founder Zingfin.com 
If Carlos Slim were to give his wealth equally to every 
inhabitant on earth, each individual would get $10. You could 
treat yourself to a nice cup of coffee two times. In d... Read 
More » 
How does one become a better writer? 
EFTA01188508
--- PAGE 3 ---
258 James Altucher, Blogger, author, social media, invest... 
ietL'l Back in college, Sanket and I would hang out in bars and 
try to talk to women but I was horrible at it. Nobody would 
talk to me for more than thirty seconds and every 
woman... Read More » 
How was the $100 million 2003 Antwerp Diamond Center 
heist executed? 
226 Shobhit Khinvasara, An arts engineer 
The story of the heist is better than any robbery 
movie(fictional or real) carried out with military precision. 
Spies and other covert operatives can easily take a page 
fro... Read More » 
The Quora Blog: Reviews on Quora 
181 David Cole 
Today we are adding a new type of content to Quora: 
Reviews. 
Reviews work just like questions and answers, with the 
added ability to include a star rating with your respo... Read 
More )) 
People You May Know on Quora 
;Tre 
vor 
h 
m 
Trevor Dougherty 
Following 15 topics: Facebook, Google, 
Quora... 
Josh Sternberg 
Asked Are there any professors teaching 
social media? If so, how are they teaching 
social media? 
Tom Cadwell 
Answered How much in-depth Mathematics 
knowledge should you have as a Game 
EFTA01188509
--- PAGE 4 ---
Designer? 
• Dav 
id 
t, 
Dou 
g 
David Dalrymple 
Answered What would be an interesting 
programming/scripting language to learn for 
purely interest reasons? 
Doug Bulleit 
Asked What is a spectrum screen? 
To disable digest emails from Quora. visit the following link: http://www.guora.comfemai optout/qemail optout? 
code=7dfa8a4da247d5fab73d7c576123acbe&type=2&emailzjeevacation%40gmailcom 
This email was sent by Quora (650 Castro Street M450. Mountain View. CA94041). Quora connects you to everything you want to 
know about. 
EFTA01188510

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188511.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
ELECTRON 
CAPI TAL PARTNERS 
LLC 
Global Utility White Paper 
A Primer on Long/Short Investing in the 
Global Utilities & Infrastructure Sector 
Jos Shaver 
Portfolio Manager 
Electron Capital Partners LLC 
March 08, 2013 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188511
--- PAGE 2 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
1. Executive Summary 
2. Structural Change — Advantageous Time for Global Utility Sector Long/Short Investing 
• Structural Change in Electron's Research Process 
• Structural Change Cycle 
• Investors Not Positioned for Structural Change Pickup 
o Long-Only Investors Substantially Underweight but Hedge Funds Turning 
3. Regional Structural Changes Driving Alpha Opportunity 
• US Utilities  
• European Utilities 
• Asian Utilities 
• Japanese Utilities 
• Latam Utilities 
4. Global Structural Changes Driving Alpha Opportunity 
• Power Prices are Skewed to the Upside 
• Capex (ex-US) is Rebounding Post-Recession 
5. Substantial Alpha Opportunities Follow Periods of Underperformance 
• Record Duration and Depth of Underperformance 
• Reasons for Underperformance 
• Potential Exists for Sharp Outperformance 
o Post-Dotcom Rallies 
o Japan Rallies  
o Potential for Yield Catch-up 
6. Interest Rate Risk — A Common Misperception 
Appendix 1: The Team and Our Process 
• Electron Focus 
• Electron Team 
• Track Record (7 years) 
• Process 
o Why We Take a Global Approach - The 'Greatest Gift' 
o Capitalizing on Structural Change Timing 
• Portfolio Construction 
• Shorting Global Utilities 
o Experience with Dividends and Investor Behavior 
o Key to Electron's Process to Identify Dividend Change Candidates 
Appendix 2: Global Utility Sector Background 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188512
--- PAGE 3 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
1. Executive Summary 
This White Paper discusses Electron Capital's ("Electron") views on the global utility sector and outlines why 
now is a particularly advantageous time for long/short investing in the sector using Electron's research 
approach that focuses on structural change. 
Electron's S investment professionals, working together an average of 6 years, have generated a 7-year track 
record of long/short investing in the global utility sector. Returns have annualized 10.3% and have been 
characterized by strong alpha generation (80% of returns; Jensen's alpha calculation) in a dismally-performing 
global sector (-0.2% absolute). 
Electron will continue its approach with the Electron Global Fund, an absolute return product. (See 
Appendices 1 and 2 for Electron's process and the sector's history.) 
Electron invests in a deep universe of utility and infrastructure stocks, comprising 375 companies with a 
market cap of $2.8 trillion. Our approach is truly global as 40-60% of the portfolio's historical gross has been 
allocated outside the US. Stocks covered include the electric, gas, water and waste utilities in addition to 
infrastructure companies (defined as those levered to utilities or utility-like). For the sake of simplicity, the 
rest of this White Paper will focus on the electric utilities, the largest subsector; we refer to this subsector 
when we reference "utility". 
• 
Advantageous time to be long/short investing in the global utility sector (Section 2). 
o 
Structural change in the sector has been accelerating after a recession-induced slowdown. 
o 
Long-only investors are not positioned for such structural change in what is the world's most 
underweight sector. 
o 
We believe hedge fund investors have already begun to make this turn as evidenced by a 
significant increase in net exposure over the last 6 months. 
• 
Structural changes will drive the largest alpha opportunities in all major regions (Section 3). 
o 
US utilities will face the strongest headwinds, yet structural change will occur which will drive 
alpha opportunities. We believe the most interesting US structural changes will have a magnified 
effect internationally given commodity interlinkages. 
o 
European and Asian utilities offer the most abundant and attractive alpha opportunities. 
o 
Japan and Latam will be more trading markets over the near term. 
• 
Some structural changes will have a global impact (Section 4). 
o 
The shale gas and coal price washout (with its knock-on effect on global power prices) is largely 
over; the global utility sector has substantial optionality to any increase in power prices due to 
natural gas and coal prices, which will be heavily influenced by trends in the US. 
• 
On the supply side, US spot gas at $3.42/mmbtu is below the breakeven full-cycle 
natural gas production cost of $3.50-4.00/mmbtu. We believe this provides downside 
protection to the current gas price despite the proliferation of shale gas. 
• 
Potential additional demand for natural gas is enormous: 
• 
In the US power sector (37% of demand), EPA mandates will force coal plant 
closures (e.g. potentially adding 10% to natural gas demand) and increase the 
marginal switching cost for the most efficient plants to $4/mmbtu, providing a 
runway for structurally higher gas demand/prices. 
• 
Other large potential structural sources of demand arise from LNG exports 
(also 10% of US demand), a gas-intensive industrial renaissance (also 10%), and 
substitution of LNG/CNG for oil-based vehicle fuels. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188513
--- PAGE 4 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
• 
Leverage to higher power prices can be substantial. For example, in the US every 
$1/mmbtu improvement in natural gas prices increases Exelon's long-term earnings by 
more than 20%, whereas for pure generators such as NRG the leverage exceeds 30%. 
• 
In Europe, where power is generated at close to cash production cost in many markets, 
even a modest (e.g. 10%) combination of changes in coal, carbon and Euro prices can 
have a 25-50% earnings impact on several European utilities. 
o 
Global utility capex (ex-US) is rebounding after a recession-driven slowdown: 
• 
System-enhancing transmission capex is accelerating in Europe and Asia and is firm in 
the US. 
• 
US, European and Asian utilities are building much of the infrastructure needed to 
capitalize on the global shale gas boom underway. 
• 
In emerging markets, infrastructure spending is occurring across the entire value chain. 
• 
Substantial alpha opportunities follow periods of underperformance (Section 5). 
o 
Current MSCI World Utility Index underperformance against the MSCI World Index is the deepest 
(-67%) and longest (4 years) of the modern utility era, caused by a perfect storm of factors (see 
page 15). 
o 
Despite the strong rally in equity markets since the depths of the financial crisis, the global utility 
sector is still down -11% in absolute terms and has underperformed the second-worst sector 
(telecom) over the same period by -23%. Previous periods of underperformance have set the 
stage for substantial alpha opportunities driven by fundamental investors re-entering the sector. 
o 
The global utility sector does not need to outperform for Electron to generate solid performance; 
80% of our 7-year return (10.3% per annum) is from alpha (Jensen's alpha calculation). 
• 
Investing in the global utility sector does not mean taking undue interest rate risk (Section 6). 
o 
The interest rate sensitivity of the sector has declined steadily since the modern utility era began 
in the early 1990s. US utilities remain the most interest rate-sensitive companies regionally. 
o 
We track interest rate risk for all positions in our risk model, and the portfolio's net interest rate 
risk is kept within acceptable limits as we select stocks. In addition, Electron's return correlation 
to interest rates historically is slightly lower than the HFRI Equity Hedge Index's return 
correlation to interest rates. 
o 
This process has worked well for us as Electron has posted strong returns and alpha generation in 
both increasing and declining interest rate environments. 
• 
Investors should always have an allocation to the global utility sector. 
o 
This is a large-cap, dividend-generating sector that is vitally important to national economies, and 
which is subject to undercurrents of deregulation and competition. This has produced ample 
long/short opportunities in the past and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. 
o 
Moreover, an allocation to global utilities provides a diversification benefit to investor 
portfolios. The risks affecting a global utility sector fund are very different from those affecting 
other long/short funds and diversification enables higher returns per unit of risk. Electron's 7-
year track record correlation to the S&P 500 and HFRI Equity Hedge indices is .41 and .68, 
respectively (.18 and .55, respectively, in down markets). 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188514
--- PAGE 5 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
2. Structural Change — Advantageous Time for Global Utility Sector Long/Short Investing 
The high level of structural change occurring around the globe makes this a particularly advantageous time 
to be long/short investing in the global utility sector. The various examples for each region, the importance 
of structural change to each region and the opportunities are listed in Section 3. 
• 
Structural Change in Electron's Research Process 
Since the original Electron was formed in 2004, Electron's research process has focused on structural 
change to determine its impact on the underlying future earnings potential of our companies (see 
Appendix 1, page 22). Whenever there is structural change, distortions and inefficiencies arise. These 
invariably result in both winners and losers among utility stocks, in large part because of the heavy 
influence of public policy on the sector (e.g. governments and regulators). Policymakers will never want to 
knowingly provide windfall profits to utilities; if a structural change is producing a winner, we look for the 
loser. If a loser cannot be found, we keep looking: the loser will eventually surface. 
• 
Structural Change Cycle 
As cycles are an important feature of life, so are cycles of structural change important in the global 
industry. During the recession following the financial crisis, the activity level of structural change did 
slow down around the globe. This is not surprising as governments, regulators and other stakeholders 
slowed the pace of structural change (i.e. a hunkering down mentality took hold among utility 
stakeholders) and companies slowed their rate of capital spending (because of uncertain economic 
growth prospects). As time has passed, the outlook for global growth has stabilized, tail risks have been 
managed and confidence has returned, and companies have begun spending previously-delayed capex 
needed to ensure system reliability. This collectively has prompted utility stakeholders to pick up the 
pace of structural change. Given that we track structural change globally, we estimate that this inflection 
point of increased structural change occurred approximately 12-18 months ago. 
• 
Investors Not Positioned for Structural Change Pickup 
That we are at an inflection point for a pickup in structural change is underappreciated by the market. 
Moreover, it is occurring at a time when there are fewer eyes focused on global utilities. The 
underappreciated pickup in structural change activity levels combined with low investor involvement 
spells opportunity for the Electron Global Fund as it plays to the Electron team's competitive advantage. 
This driver was critical to the investment professionals' decision to re-launch the independent Electron. 
o 
Long-Only Investors Substantially Underweight but Hedge Funds Turning 
The global utility sector is the world's most-underweight sector by a large margin. Moreover, the 
underweighting has dipped to a comparably extreme level only 4 times (including now) over the last 
years. Each time this extreme has been crossed, over the next 24 months global utilities rose by 
38% on an absolute basis and outperformed the global broad market by 20%, on average. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188515
--- PAGE 6 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
UMW, 
10/10005 
Global Sector Positioning 
Suc 
S 
1015305 
Phartn3 
DeCastonary 
kialenals 
Energy 
Banks 
Tech 
industrials 
-40 
-35 
-30 
-25 
-20 
-15 
-IO 
.5 
st5 
•20 
•t• usdern000 Ile 0100014 
Source: Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Fund Manager Survey, Feb 12, 2013 
Net % Overweight Global Utilities 
-40 
0/2/1 
2005 
Net 
2004 
2000 
C10 00-0401070 
2000 
2007 
2000 
200
2011 
iiiii 4.4 
10cOan
tea2ll0y 1-0-010.0504 0  1 
0040 2015
100CIICir 1014•10.6000 to 
1/ 1.1c410(01 P1 ==.
4-M) 
- 
- - . Moder oniony Crwoorovvriecl 
Source: Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Fund Manager Survey, Feb 12, 2013 
170 
100 
too 
140 
110 
120 
to 
Substantially 
underweight 
Red circle = 
crossing below 
lo underweight 
The sector has been not only a substantial long-only underweight, but also a wholesale short for 
many macro/generalist hedge funds. However, it is very interesting to note that an inflection point 
appears to have occurred in the middle of 2012, with hedge funds increasing their net exposure to 
the global utility sector after a long period of reducing net. The long/short ratio of utility stocks held 
by hedge funds fell from 3.0x in Jan 08 to about 1.7x in Jan 12 (4 years), but has since risen by 60% to 
2.7x, which is more than twice the increase for hedge funds' overall net exposure during the same 
period (source: Goldman Sachs). 
Based on discussions with the Street, it appears that this short exposure has been expressed via ETFs, 
regional utility indices or large bellwether index utility proxies. Individual name crowdedness has 
continued to remain at a low level (e.g., utilities rarely show up Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP list —
ticker GSTHHVIP). Today, utilities account for the lowest in gross assets held of the 10 global 
sectors. (Source: Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund Trend Monitor analysis of 700 hedge funds with $1.3 
trillion in gross assets.) 
In addition, global QE programs have boosted demand for higher-beta stocks, which has contributed 
to the recent relative underperformance of and lack of interest in utilities. However (see below), the 
underperformance of US utilities has diminished with each successive QE round (QE1 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188516
--- PAGE 7 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
S Utilities Price/S&P 500 Price 
underperformance -39%, QE2 -12%, C1E3 -5%), which signals exhaustion of selling pressure as the 
relative value of the S&P versus utilities has stretched further. Given widespread use of QE, a similar 
effect can be found in other regions. 
as 
ure/spx Post QE Announcement 
Source. Bloomberg 
3. Regional Structural Chances Driving Alpha Opportunity 
After every GE amouncement, 
utilities have underperformed 
4-
a 
Structural changes are occurring in all regions. Those in which Electron is currently investing or tracking closely 
are as follows: 
• 
US Utilities 
Of the global utility markets, we expect the US utilities market to face the strongest headwinds and be 
the least-attractive market for alpha generation over the next 2 years. Since the financial crisis, the US 
has been the best-performing region for utilities of all the developed markets, outperforming European 
utilities by 40% over the last 4 years, and it is the region which is only slightly underweight by investors. 
The US is the most defensive of all regions because of the large weighting of regulated names. Since 2008, 
US utility earnings have been flat (versus a -45% decline in Europe), as consistent regulated earnings 
growth of 3-5% offset unregulated utility earnings declines resulting from lower power prices driven by 
falling natural gas prices. Notwithstanding flat earnings growth, investors have re-rated the US utility 
sector's PE multiple relative to the S&P as they sought more yield in a low-yielding QE environment. 
Today, US utilities are close to the sector's pre-crisis record valuation peak (trading at a 7% PE premium to 
the S&P 500) when investors were discounting higher earnings growth from tightening power markets 
(see below). 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188517
--- PAGE 8 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Source: Bloomberg 
Close to record 
relative PE 
While we will continue to see solid growth from the regulated names, and a total return argument can 
still be made that justifies the current premium valuation of US utilities, we do see capex growth starting 
to level off. This is the opposite of what will happen in Europe and Asia, where we expect regulatory capex 
to increase. Moreover, we believe US utility regulators will continue to pressure returns on equity 
(ROEs) as interest rates remain low. We believe there is greater opportunity among companies with non-
regulated power generation assets, as we expect firm natural gas and thus power prices to flow through 
to earnings. Note, for example, that every $1/mmbtu improvement in natural gas prices would increase 
Exelon's long-term earnings by more than 20%, whereas for pure generators such as NRG the leverage 
exceeds 30%. 
Below is a partial list of structural changes driving long/short opportunities in the US: 
Electron's structural changes: US 
• 
Coal retirements' Impact on power markets 
• 
Change in competitive generation market structure as a result of the shale gas boom 
• 
Transmission spending to integrate renewables/improve reliability, and its impact on power prices 
• 
Obama initiatives on climate change legislation, and the EPA threat 
• 
Energy efficiency Initiatives— utility uncoupling, demand growth 
• 
Nuclear assets facing closure — impact on power markets 
• 
Renewables' power markets distortions (impact on peak and off•peak power prices) 
• 
Increased Infrastructure spending to move shale gas from basins 
• 
LNG export impact on gas and power markets 
• 
Regulatory ROE changes with low rates, higher capex, declining load growth, commodity price changes 
• 
Increased generator retail selling versus wholesale 
• 
Capacity market in TX, CA 
• 
State generation subsidy impacts on capacity markets 
• 
and asset divestitures' impact on power markets and utility risk profiles 
• 
Oil-to-gas residential switching 
• 
Electric vehicle demand impact 
• 
Regional load growth changes — manufacturing renaissance, state taxes, etc. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188518
--- PAGE 9 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
• 
European Utilities 
We believe European utilities have the potential not only for the strongest outperformance but also for 
the greatest alpha generation. Since the financial crisis, European utility earnings have declined 
approximately -45% which is slightly less than European broader market earnings declines of -51% (Stoxx 
600 or SXXP) and -SS% (Stoxx SO or SX5E). Prior to the crisis, European utilities used to trade at a 20% 
premium to the broader market. During the recovery, European utilities suffered a -43% derating and 
now trade at a 31% PE discount to the broader market. Most of this derating is explained by the 
European utilities' lack of participation in the European broad market PE multiple re-rating (SXSE +115%, 
SXXP +76%) since the recovery beginning in 2009. Moreover, approximately 40% of the sector is now 
trading below book value. 
Clearly, investors appear to believe that earnings have troughed for European companies broadly, but not 
for European utilities. Concerns about political intervention along with low power and carbon prices have 
prevented a re-rating of the sector. However, we are comfortable that we are close to a bottom, and that 
optionality is asymmetrically skewed to the upside for the European utilities, as many generation assets 
are producing power at close to cash cost. 
Relative to US utilities, European utilities have underperformed by -40% and the relative PE has de-rated 
by -11% since the crisis. The average European utility's relative dividend yield is now 95% higher than that 
of US peers before the crisis. Although some would argue that dividend cuts are coming (we agree 
broadly, and see several interesting short opportunities), we do not see the entire sector's dividends 
being cut by 50%, as stock prices imply. As such, the sector today has dividend support even though some 
dividend cuts will undoubtedly happen. 
In addition to dividends, potentially higher power prices from both higher European coal and carbon 
prices could also provide support. At present, the carbon market (EU ETS) in Europe is dysfunctional, with 
carbon trading at €S/tonne, well below the cost required to spur investment in low-carbon generating 
capacity. We expect the carbon market to be restructured (already being discussed), thus raising the 
price of carbon and increasing power prices. Moreover, with China's GDP growth reaccelerating and 70% 
of the resulting rise in electricity production generated from coal, we would anticipate a modest growth in 
coal consumption in the Asian seaborne market, thereby supporting South African and European coal 
prices. Given our view of rising US natural gas prices, we expect coal exports from the US to Europe to 
fall. These are all factors that should support European coal prices even before accounting for greater 
demand for coal that might come from Europe should growth return. 
Notwithstanding, short 
opportunities will remain in several European markets due to the influence of renewables. 
Moreover, if the European Central Bank were to lower its Main Refinancing Operations rate, currently 75 
bps, and provide other monetary policy support, we would expect not only increased demand for 
electricity (which would increase coal consumption) but also a weaker Euro would increase the Euro price 
of coal (in Europe) and thus power prices. There are a number of factors at work here, and it is difficult to 
predict levels with any degree of accuracy, but even small changes would have a significant impact on 
the sector. For example, a combination of a +10% increase in coal prices, -10% decrease in the Euron 
exchange rate, and a rise in the carbon credit price from €S to €10/tonne would produce 25-50% earnings 
upside in many continental European utilities. 
Below is a partial list of structural changes driving long/short opportunities in Europe: 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188519
--- PAGE 10 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Electron's structural changes: Europe 
• 
EU energy efficiency directive and load growth 
• 
EU ETS (carbon market) changes 
• 
Renewables build and power market distortions 
• 
Mismatches between tariff rises and costs/capex 
• 
Infrastructure spending impact on energy costs and power/gas competition 
• 
UK capacity markets 
• 
Large combustion plant directive (LCPD) (UK) 
• 
Power market impact of nuclear phase outs (Germany) and new nuclear build (UK) 
• 
Political interference on the continent (taxes, return formulas, tariffs) 
• I= 
divestitures, privatizations' Impact on power markets and changing utilities' risk profiles 
• 
Bifurcation of sector valuation because of WACC changes 
• 
European gas price delinkage from oil 
• 
Ongoing renegotiation of Gazprom contracts 
• 
European utility non-regulated Investments moving offshore 
• 
Erosion of the Italian power price premium 
• 
New Italian water regulations 
• 
Shale gas potential in Europe 
• 
Implementation of Russian RAB-based regulation 
• 
Electric vehicles 
• 
Asian Utilities 
The Asian utility sector is a tale of two worlds. One enjoys a stable regulatory environment and solid 
power purchase agreements, as in Hong Kong and Thailand; the other is a victim of government 
intervention, as in Korea and China. The two worlds can coexist in the same country, for example in 
Malaysia where independent power producers enjoy solid power purchase agreements while utility 
Tenaga, which is a large employer and which faces the consumer directly, suffers from political meddling. 
Capex cycles and potential regulatory changes, respectively, tend to dominate performance of the two 
sides. For example, Korea Electric Power has outperformed sharply at times in the past on even small 
steps toward fuel cost passthrough implementation. In India's chaotic power markets, outperformance 
could arise from even small steps toward implementation of urgently-needed reform, e.g. any movement 
to improve access to fuel supply (notably coal) for independent power producers. The dichotomy 
between the two "worlds" of the Asian utility sector provides ample opportunities to generate alpha. 
The vast population and developing nature of the region, and consequent issues of energy security and 
environmental sustainability, create additional forces for structural change. For example, as China 
increasingly promotes natural gas usage, we will see gradual pricing reform, more natural gas imports, 
greater natural gas vehicle adoption and accelerating shale gas development. 
Below is a partial list of structural changes driving long/short opportunities in Asia-Pacific (ex-Japan): 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188520
--- PAGE 11 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Electron's structural changes: Asia-Pacific ex-Japan 
• 
China power market policy changes to address record pollution levels 
• 
Impact on China's power market of selective coal plant approvals 
• 
Accelerating development of shale gas in China 
• 
Urgently-needed power reform in India to address fuel, power tariff and grid issues 
• 
Potential carbon trading and Renewable Portfolio Standards (RPS) in China 
• 
Increasing promotion of natural gas usage and price reform in China 
• 
Fuel cost passthrough implementation amid a potential power shortage in Korea 
• 
Continued support for nuclear power by China — new-build approval delay impact 
• 
Increased robustness of fuel cost passthrough regimes 
• 
Indian import duties on equipment 
• 
Increasing pressure on electricity tariffs in HK 
• 
Rising Australian domestic gas prices on LNG export arbitrage 
• 
Australian carbon market future 
• 
Consolidation of the Australian supply market into an oligopoly 
• 
Australian state regulatory evolution (e.g., electricity in Queensland) 
• 
Japanese Utilities 
The impact of the Fukushima incident on Japanese utilities will last for years. Nuclear policy will continue 
to be reviewed — notably the decision whether to restart nuclear power plants — which will affect the 
utilities' long-term fuel mix and therefore cost base. 
For example, Kansai Electric Power, which has the largest exposure to nuclear generation after Tokyo 
Electric, stopped paying dividends after the nuclear shutdown. Every 1% change in its nuclear fleet 
utilization rate will affect earning by almost 10% over a normalized level; nuclear policy decisions can thus 
create outcomes for share prices of +/- 50%. 
The ripples from changing nuclear policy will have a long-lasting impact, both negative and positive, on 
companies involved in the nuclear value chain (e.g., reactor manufacturers such as Mitsubishi Heavy) and 
other power-related sectors such as gas and renewable energy. Relative to other regions, Japanese 
utilities will be the most affected by macro factors (e.g. the Yen, interest rates, fossil fuel prices, etc.). 
Below is a partial list of structural changes driving long/short opportunities in Japan: 
Electron's structural changes: Japan 
• 
Fukushima incident's impact on Japan's power-related sectors such as LNG and power equipment 
• 
Derating of sector as a result of the government's response to Fukushima 
• 
Restart of nuclear plants with Abe administration and prefecture support 
• 
Fuel cost impact from Yen depreciation 
• 
Movement to higher value-added renewable energy systems 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188521
--- PAGE 12 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
• 
Latam Utilities 
Latin America will be a trading market for the next year or two. These markets, with the exception of 
Chile, are subject to significant government intervention, which follows long cycles; Brazil is early in the 
interventionist cycle (e.g., Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff's recent politicization of electricity tariffs), 
while other countries such as Argentina are closer to the end. 
Below is a partial list of structural changes driving long/short opportunities in Latin America: 
Electron's structural changes: Latin America 
• 
Brazil's tariff intervention and consequent derating of sector 
• 
Argentina's increasingly urgent need for system investment and tariff Increases 
• 
Shale gas development in Argentina and its impact on power prices and regional markets 
4. Global Structural Changes Driving Aloha Opportunity 
In addition to region-specific structural changes, there are structural changes that have a global impact on the 
utility sector. 
• 
Power Prices are Skewed to the Upside 
The cost of natural gas and coal sets the marginal power price in many power markets around the globe. 
The rapid rise in US shale production that began in 2007 caused domestic gas prices to decline much more 
rapidly than other fuels and put downward pressure on power prices both in the US and globally. For US 
gas-fired generator Calpine, lower fuel costs offset lower power prices and the company emerged a 
relative winner. Virtually all other US generators employ a mix of assets fired by costlier fuels and suffered 
a tremendous margin squeeze, with — in the most extreme example — coal-fired generator Dynegy 
declaring bankruptcy in 2012. We believe the downward trend in US natural gas prices has flattened for 
reasons noted below, and upward optionality remains, which will affect power prices not only in the US 
but also Europe and Asia given cross-border commodity linkages. 
In Europe, in an example of the regional, non-correlated character of the global utility sector, a quite 
different dynamic has taken shape, with coal-generated power margins remaining attractive relative to 
natural gas-fired generation margins. Coal prices in Europe have declined as a result of cheaper US and 
Colombian coal imports (because of US shale gas) and the knock-on effect of softening Asian coal prices. 
Carbon costs (i.e. EU ETS) embedded in power prices also have declined, from €16/tonne 2 years ago to 
€5/tonne today, largely as a result of the European recession. With European natural gas prices at 3x US 
prices (unlike in the US, natural gas prices in Europe are linked by convention to oil), European utilities 
have been minimizing natural gas generation and maximizing coal generation. So, unlike the situation in 
the US, coal generators such as Drax in the UK have enjoyed better margins on higher power output (see 
below) as gas plants sit underutilized. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188522
--- PAGE 13 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
US vs. UK Margin Analysis for Coal Power Plants 
Cul Pewee SS Map Not) 
LSea N
 we Perm Gion Mats. (WO 
— 
Okra P.6 Coal row. Gross Maps (spot)) 
. . . . 
igli§Pffififsals, gaitgliffi ss fri a
§S,. 
SS 
SS 
8. sprigui2niplii 
Source: Bloomberg, Electron Capital Partners 
We believe a floor price exists for natural gas despite shale production. We fully acknowledge that the 
US has large reserves of shale gas awaiting development. However, the current spot price ($3.42/mmbtu) 
sits below the breakeven full-cycle cost of most US basins ($3.50-$4.00/mmbtu), which has led producers 
to focus on liquids-rich plays and de-emphasize dry-gas production. Accordingly, the gas rig count is at a 
decade low and the Energy Information Administration expects gas production to be flat through 2014. 
With the wide spread between oil and U.S. natural gas prices likely to continue, we expect the growth in 
liquids shale production to remain much higher than gas. 
On the demand side, the power sector is the largest consumer (37%) of natural gas in the US. At prices 
below $5/mmbtu, coal switching begins, and at prices below $3/mmbtu, gas-fired power generating units 
become competitive against even the most efficient coal units. Importantly, the breakeven point for coal-
to-gas switching will rise materially due to EPA mandates. By 2015, these standards move the breakeven 
point for the most efficient coal units from $3/mmbtu to approximately $4/mmbtu, close to where 
current forward prices sit. 
Large potential structural changes in demand create upside optionality. There has been much media 
focus on the growth of shale gas production, so much so that we believe potential demand drivers are 
underappreciated. For example, currently-planned US coal plant retirements, if repowered with gas, 
would support an additional 6 billion cubic feet per day (bcf/d) of gas demand, adding nearly 10% to total 
US demand. In addition, we see the potential for LNG exports to exceed another 6 bcf/d (27 bcf/d of 
project capacity awaits US Department of Energy approval). Cheap gas is also spurring an industrial 
resurgence, with new petrochemical plants being proposed in the Gulf and traditional coal users such as 
steel mills contemplating refiring their facilities with gas instead of metallurgical coal. Longer term, LNG 
as a vehicle fuel substitute for long haul trucks and CNG for lighter vehicles could also add materially to 
gas demand. Given the number of possible structural demand changes and the enormous potential from 
each, we believe the optionality for natural gas prices is clearly to the upside. 
We believe the recent trend of softer US natural gas prices leading to a deflationary impact on global 
utility sector earnings is, then, largely played out. 
Longer-term, we see many positive demand 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188523
--- PAGE 14 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
fundamentals that are supportive of higher natural gas prices; while we don't expect a return to the 
commodity boom times of 2003-2007, a turn in trend will be very supportive of higher share prices. 
• 
Capex (ex-US) is Rebounding Post-Recession 
Capital spending precedes earnings, and utility capex (ex-US) is rebounding after a recession-driven 
slowdown. In particular, transmission spending is accelerating in Europe (Germany, Spain, France) and 
Asia while remaining firm in the US. Transmission capex not only enhances system reliability but also 
system efficiency, by enabling the delivery of the most efficient generation to meet demand. Many 
transmission grids face bottlenecks because of the inclusion of intermittent renewable generation in areas 
with ample wind and solar resources but located far from customers. Companies such as Northeast 
Utilities (US), National Grid (UK) and Elia (Belgium/Germany) are prime beneficiaries of this transmission 
capital spending, along with equipment providers such as ABB (Switzerland). 
In addition, many global utilities will be viewed as back-door beneficiaries of the shale gas boom 
globally given the substantial amount of capex required to build new or upgrade existing infra-structure. 
US utilities are building much of the infrastructure to export gas out of the shale basins (Dominion, 
NiSource) and are building LNG liquefaction facilities (Dominion, Sempra) that are at the front of the 
queue for US Department of Energy approval. 
Several European utilities, such as GDF Suez 
(Belgium/France) and Gas Natural (Spain), and Asian utilities such as Kunlun Energy and ENN Energy 
(China; note that China has 2x the shale gas reserves of the US) are exposed to LNG infrastructure 
spending. 
Finally, because of emerging markets' growth rates and a higher intensity of energy use, emerging market 
utilities will benefit from infrastructure spending across the entire utility value chain. 
5. Substantial Alpha Opportunities Follow Periods of Underperformance 
The global utility sector has experienced record underperformance and often this precedes substantial 
alpha opportunities. 
• 
Record Duration and Depth of Underperformance 
We have analyzed the price performance of the global utility sector since 1995, when MSCI introduced its 
Global Sectors. Although the period includes only 18 years of data, this is the relevant time frame as it 
effectively covers the entire period of industry deregulation (see Appendix 2, page 25). 
As can be seen below, the current period of global utility underperformance is the deepest (-67%) and 
longest (4 years) of the modern utility era. Even with the strong rally in equity markets since the financial 
crisis, the global utility sector is still down -11% on an absolute basis. It has not only been the worst-
performing MSCI global sector but has also underperformed the second-worst global sector by -23%. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188524
--- PAGE 15 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
MSCI World Utility vs MSCI World Price Spread 
• 
INN 
• 
.••-• -.•••••Ayti...• 
4•0 
Source: Bloomberg 
Price 
MSCI Global Sectors 
1/1/2009 
12/31/2012 
Performance 
Consumer Discretionary 
68.5 
132.4 
93% 
Information Technology 
54.2 
96.9 
79% 
Materials 
146.1 
237.2 
62% 
Industrial 
101.4 
155.8 
54% 
Consumer Staples 
104.7 
160.5 
53% 
Health Care 
89.1 
128.4 
44% 
Energy 
181.9 
238.9 
31% 
Financials 
63.0 
82.0 
30% 
Telecom 
51.0 
56.9 
12% 
Utilities 
113.4 
100.9 
-11% 
Source: Bloomberg 
• 
Reasons for Underperformance 
Much of this recent underperformance can be explained by investors' textbook preference, coming out of 
recession, to add high-beta stocks and shed low-growth utilities. This was exacerbated by: 
o 
soft power demand growth (particularly in Europe); 
o 
generation overcapacity; 
o 
delays in capital spending; 
o 
lower commodity prices (particularly as a result of US shale gas production); 
o 
central banks' quantitative easing; 
o 
political interference (notably in Europe); 
o 
high debt loads; 
o 
the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan; and 
o 
concerns about interest rate rises from today's very low levels. 
It is hard to imagine a more perfect storm for the global utility sector than that which has played out 
over the past 4 years. 
• 
Potential Exists for Sharp Outperformance 
Globally or regionally, it Is not unusual to find long and/or sharp periods of utility underperformance (as 
with the current record period). During such periods, when combined with wholesale shorts and market 
underweighting, the sector becomes poised for extended outperformance rallies. This results from 
fundamental investors (both long/short and long-only) rotating into the sector en masse, bidding up the 
best value and growth utilities and underweighting or shorting utilities with poor business 
1S 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188525
--- PAGE 16 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
models/prospects. This can be triggered by improving sector fundamentals, better data points, or 
conversely by events that instead lower investors' perception of economic growth prospects (e.g., policy 
errors, rising European sovereign yields, higher commodity prices, etc.). 
As noted above (page 5), each time the sector's underweighting reaches 1 standard deviation below the 
mean, over the next 24 months global utilities rise by 38% on an absolute basis and outperform the global 
broad market by 20%, on average (see graph below). 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
-10% 
Subsequent MSCI World Utility vs MSCI World 
performance post la underweights 
mos 
limos 
mos 
mos 
mos 
mos 
MSCI World 
MSCI World Utility — —Out/underperformance 
Source: Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Bloomberg 
Cumulative 
outperformance 
When these outperformance rallies occur, the potential massive alpha opportunity can be substantially 
greater than the return from a fund's net position. 
As examples, we highlight the lessons from the dotcom period (second only to today's record 
underperformance) and lessons from Japan (given the deleveraging environment of today). 
o 
Post-Dotcom Rallies 
The last time we saw underperformance anywhere close to today's magnitude was during the 3-
year run-up to the dotcom bust (see graph below) as investors grabbed for growth in the "new 
economy". During the run-up (Jan 97-Jan 00), tech and telecom were the best-performing sectors, 
+322% and +162%, respectively. The global utilities sector was the second-worst-performing global 
sector, +12% and in line with the +9% worst-performing materials sector. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188526
--- PAGE 17 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Source: Bloomberg 
Of course, not all investors sold utilities — some were astute buyers. Warren Buffett (at the time, 
thought to be a bit out of touch with the new economy) acquired $12 billion worth of utility assets 
between 1999 and 2002, namely MidAmerican ($9 billion), Kern River Gas Transmission ($960 million) 
and Northern Natural Gas ($1.9 billion). 
Following the dotcom bust (Mar 00-Sep 01), global utilities staged a sharp catch-up rally over a 1.5-
year period, generating +33% outperformance (-5% absolute). During this period, US utilities (which 
previously were the worst-performing region for utilities during the run-up) outperformed +68% 
(+37% absolute). But the averages conceal some outsized moves in utility stocks as investors 
returned to the sector en masse. Early investors realized enormous absolute returns on low-beta US 
utility stocks (e.g. SO +114%, ETR +114%, FE +99%, AEP +91%, PEG +78%) while the S&P sank -31%. 
Still, investors were discriminating as several stocks (e.g., CVA -45%, AES -34%, EIX -19%, PCG -16%, 
NU -3%) suffered absolute declines. 
In Europe, the UK water utility stocks (among the lowest-beta/volatility stocks in the global sector) 
were wholly ignored during the dotcom rally despite their improving fundamentals. Following the 
dotcom bust (Mar 00-Sep 01) they also staged a fierce outperformance rally, and early fundamental 
investors realized very attractive absolute returns (e.g. Pennon +80%, Severn Trent +52% and United 
Utilities +21%), and enormous outperformance of the broader market (FTSE 100 Index -33%). This is 
all the more impressive when you consider that these water utility stocks have betas of 
approximately .43, less than half that of the broad market. 
Again, fundamental investors were discerning as several European utilities experienced absolute 
declined during this same period (e.g., EDP -31%, Enel -30%, Endesa -20%, Centrica -19%). 
o 
Japan Rallies 
Japan offers insights into potential utility outperformance during periods of private sector 
deleveraging similar to what developed markets have experienced since the financial crisis. 
Richard Koo, Chief Economist of the Nomura Research Institute, cites two major policy errors that 
extended Japan's long balance sheet recession: increased taxes in 1997 and expenditure cuts in 2001. 
Both policy errors were preceded by a long or sharp period of utility underperformance relative to 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188527
--- PAGE 18 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
the broader market. Following the policy errors, Japanese utilities staged exceptionally strong 
outperformance rallies lasting over 1.5 years, on average, and outperforming the Topix by 30-40% 
(graph below). 
I 
7 
Japan's Two Major Policy Mistakes (Nomura) 
KOIZIMIll reform included: 
I. general spending cut 
2. capping new bond Wes 
This moderate fiscal consolidation 
sent the economy back ino recessio 
Stashimoto fiscal tightening included: 
1. hiking the consumption tax to 5% from 3% 
2. scrapping the special rebate on income and residential tax 
3. reducing the budget deficit to 3% of GDP by FY2003 
4. cutting bond Issuance and reducing public works spending 
or 
a i
a F l
a g
a l
a a a g
a
g 
a
a
a a °9 a 
o
s 
1 
§ 5 555555555555 
—Prce raps: Mtn index flaw 'AMY IneelrYTkx index 
Source: Nomura Research Institute, Bloomberg 
During the Jan 97—Nov 98 policy error period, fundamental investors bid up the better prospects 
(Tokyo Electric Power and Osaka Gas each rose 34%) while the Topix declined by -19. During this 
same period, some Japanese utilities also posted sharp absolute declines, such as Hokkaido Gas -49%, 
Saibu Gas -30% and Okinawa Electric -27%. During the May 01-May 03 policy error period, Okinawa 
Electric and Hokkaido Gas rallied +40% and +23%, respectively, while the Topix declined -44% and 
Tokyo Electric Power and Osaka Gas declined -13% and -7%, respectively. 
The Japanese utility experience is very interesting as several economists question whether the US is 
currently committing similar policy errors while deleveraging is still occurring in the private sector 
(e.g. the US just increased income and payroll taxes and is implementing austerity measures). The 
Japanese experience demonstrates the potential for strong outperformance rallies during periods of 
deleveraging, demonstrating the alpha opportunity arising from an influx of fundamental investors 
into the sector after periods of limited interest. 
o 
Potential for Yield Catch-up 
Unlike other income-oriented investments such as Treasuries, German bunds, UK gilts, investment-
grade bonds, high-yield bonds, emerging market bonds and MLPs, all of which have rallied strongly —
some believe as the result of a yield bubble — the global utility sector has been left behind; yet 
certain parts offer a compelling investment yield opportunity today. If some fixed income cross-over 
investors become more concerned about inflation (because of economic growth), yet continue to be 
squeezed by the QE programs of the Fed, BOE, BOJ, etc., then they could begin shifting into global 
utilities. This seems logical, as such investors would look for the closest bond proxies in the equity 
market, the utility sector, rather than bypass utilities for high-beta broad market stocks. Given the 
enormous amounts of capital controlled by fixed income cross-over investors, even a small 
reweighting could have a significant effect in bidding utility stock prices up and yields down. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188528
--- PAGE 19 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
6. Interest Rate Risk — A Common Misperception 
We find a common misperception among investors to be the degree of interest rate risk in the global utility 
sector, as interest rate sensitivity has declined steadily since the modern utility industry came into being in 
the early 1990s. 
There is a relatively higher degree of interest rate risk in the defensive, fully-regulated utilities given their 
bond-like returns and the capital-intensive nature of the industry, which demands heavy use of debt financing. 
Such defensive fully-regulated utilities can be found in all regions, however the highest concentration is found 
in the US. European, Asian and Latam utilities are more levered to economic growth and therefore tend to be 
no more interest rate-sensitive than broad market equities. 
Even the performance of the more interest rate-sensitive US utilities is not fully determined by interest rates. 
For example, during the market rally from fall 2002 to summer 2007, the US utility sector generated a non-
beta-adjusted annualized total return 5.2% higher (2.8% from better price appreciation and 2.4% from 
dividend reinvestment) than the S&P 500, while the 10-year Treasury yield rose from 3.6% to 4.9% (+130 bps) 
over this period. Valuation re-rating and earnings growth from generators, as economic growth tightened 
power markets and raised commodity prices, outweighed the negative impact of rising interest rates. 
We would note furthermore that yield relationships have moved to unprecedented extremes such that, for 
example, the dividend yield for US regulated utilities versus the 10-year Treasury yield currently sits at 7 
standard deviations above the mean from the historical pre-2008 environment (see graph below). An even 
more dramatic relationship exists for the European utilities. This suggests that policy rates are at such levels 
that there is substantial cushion against rising rates. 
US utilities/US 10-yr Treasury Ratio 
'1;141 1, 
• tfr: 
MSa./"SCLIN 
"ranabS7A1.0.44:61 
1; 
Ma 
•• 
lava. Wal1••••0-.-. 
Source. Bloomberg 
Finally, we track interest rate risk in the Electron risk model for all positions. We are not looking to make 
macro calls, and the portfolio's net interest rate risk is kept within acceptable limits as we select stocks in the 
global utility sector. This process has worked well for us as over 7 years we have posted strong returns and 
alpha generation in both rising and falling interest rate environments. As a result, many investors are 
pleasantly surprised to learn that despite perceptions of the global utility sector's interest rate sensitivity, 
Electron's return correlation to interest rates is slightly lower than the HFRI Equity Hedge Index's return 
correlation to interest rates. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188529
--- PAGE 20 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Apoendix 1: The Team and Our Process 
• 
Electron Focus 
Electron's universe of utility and infrastructure stocks is deep, comprising 375 companies with a market 
cap of $2.8 trillion. Stocks covered include the electric, gas, water and waste utilities in addition to 
infrastructure companies (defined as those levered to utilities or utility-like). Our approach is truly global 
as 40-60% of the portfolio's historical gross has been allocated outside the US. 
• 
Electron Team 
Electron's cohesive, long-standing team consists of 8 members, including S investment professionals who 
have worked (with Jos Shaver as Portfolio Manager) at SAC Capital and the original Electron Capital for an 
average of 6 years. In addition, 4 of the 5 investment professionals have lived outside the US, a distinct 
competitive advantage given our global approach. Each investment professional brings his/her own 
specific expertise and diligent research to our process, working collaboratively across regions to conduct 
deep-dive research on the most compelling opportunities in the global utility sector. 
The other members of Electron complement the skills and experience of the investment team. Electron's 
experienced operations/investor relations professionals are former Intrepid Capital employees who 
worked with the Electron team during the first iteration of Electron (2005-2008) when the firm had a 
services agreement with Intrepid Capital. 
Finally, a Senior Advisory Board consisting of former C-level utility executives from around the globe has 
been with the team since the launch of the original Electron Capital in 2005, and all have rejoined for 
Electron's re-launch. 
As Portfolio Manager, Jos Shaver has covered the global utility and infrastructure sectors for the past 21 
years, and his sector perspective benefits from his having lived 10 years abroad (5 years in Asia covering 
the Asian utilities and S years in Europe covering European utilities) and 11 years in the US. In addition, as 
Managing Partner, Jos controls all major decisions at Electron. 
• 
Track Record (7 years) 
Electron's 7-year track record (3 years audited from the original Electron and 4 years from SAC Capital) 
has annualized 10.3% since inception and has been characterized by strong alpha generation on both the 
long and short side (80% of returns, based on Jensen's alpha calculation). Electron generated this 7-year 
track record during an exceptionally challenging period for global utilities — the MSCI World Utility Index 
has been the worst-performing MSCI Global Sector ex-financials over the track record period, down -0.2%. 
Notwithstanding, Electron's track record has bested the MSCI World Utility, S&P 500 and HFRI indices by 
91%, 67% and 61%, respectively. 
• 
Process 
First, given Electron's global approach to utility research, we tend to have a clear competitive advantage 
with respect to early recognition of cross-border structural change (e.g., how a change in Asian seaborne 
coal market might affect off-peak power prices and thus earnings for a Midwest US utility). Moreover, 
our global research approach allows us to gain perspective on structural change outcomes given our 
knowledge of global precedents and the likely reaction from various interested parties (e.g., governments, 
regulators, managements, customers, consumer groups, rating agencies, shareholders, debt holders, et 
al.) We analyze other global precedents, develop a thesis and then conduct deep-dive research to gain 
conviction. Once we have developed a structural change thesis, we proceed to a full bottoms-up analysis 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188530
--- PAGE 21 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
of the earnings impact for the relevant companies, and assess what might be priced in by thoroughly 
reviewing the Street's numbers and commentary. It should also be noted that the same structural event 
often affects not one but several companies, and the implementation of these structural changes are 
typically not one-day events. As such, depending on the situation, we may have the opportunity to 
capitalize on the same structural change event several times as it develops. 
Our research process is our primary idea generator. We travel extensively and, collectively, the S 
investment professionals will have between 600 and close to 1,000 meetings a year as we speak with 
companies, regulators, consultants, sell-side analysts and governments. 
o 
Why We Take a Global Approach - The "Greatest Gift" 
Electron takes a global approach (historically, 40-60% of gross allocated outside the US) to the 
utility sector: i) to spot structural change and resultant inefficiencies early, ii) to provide a wider 
canvas to allocate capital around the globe to the most attractive (from a risk/reward point of view) 
alpha opportunities and, most importantly, iii) to enable the Electron Global Funds to take advantage 
of the global sector's very low inter-regional correlation (i.e., correlation of regions within the global 
sector; lowest of all MSCI global sectors — see below). 
Global Sector Inter-regional Correlations 
0.80 
0.70 
0.60 
0.50 
0.90 
0.30 
0.20 
0.10 
0.00 1 
T. 
t 
Source: MSCI, 7 years' weekly trailing correlation 
a 
S
One of the least 
correlated sectors 
D 
We call this very low regional correlation the global utility sector's greatest gift to long/short 
investors as it provides a greater return per unit of risk if one has the ability to dynamically allocate 
capital to and generate alpha in all regions. There are few long/short global utility funds today given 
the global utility experience required to capture the greatest gift, as different countries have different 
utility market designs and structures. 
The Electron process starts with a focus on structural change and we embrace the myriad of utility 
markets' differences around the globe because this approach leads to the most attractive alpha 
opportunities and the benefits of the "greatest gift". We allocate capital dynamically to the most 
attractive alpha opportunities in the global utility industry. As a result, the Electron Global Funds is 
only one fund, yet the "greatest gift" provides the diversification benefit of 4 relatively uncorrelated 
regions and concentration in the globe's most attractive alpha opportunities. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188531
--- PAGE 22 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
o 
Capitalizing on Structural Change Timing 
Although some of the structural changes discussed earlier happen in days or weeks, e.g. fuel cost 
passthrough adjustments, others will take years to implement, for example, new capacity payment 
structures. Because of the sector's high earnings visibility, however, we do not have to wait until a 
particular structural change occurs for a thesis to play out. Utilities often have earnings visibility 2-3 
years out (including Street estimates) which is in contrast to other sectors (e.g. tech) which often 
times do not have 2-3 quarters of visibility. As such, utility stock prices (and the Street's estimates) 
will begin to discount even some of the longer dated structural changes as clarity surfaces in the early 
stages. 
Therefore, there is a distinct competitive advantage for those who have an early 
understanding of such structural changes and the resulting earnings impact on affected utilities. We 
therefore focus our efforts on discerning the structural change opportunity early in an effort to come 
up with a view before it becomes obvious to the broader market. 
Moreover, there are often several opportunities over an extended time period to trade the same 
structural change as numerous stakeholders (e.g. government, regulator, company, customers, et al.) 
involved in the process distort market perceptions of the final outcome. 
Although structural changes are the "home run" opportunities, Electron returns are not limited to 
such changes, as we also consistently play for "singles and doubles" in the global utility sector with 
earning releases, regulatory reviews, dividend increases and decreases, relative value, regulatory 
arbitrage, etc. 
As evidence of Electron's ability to successfully trade both shorter- and longer-term structural 
changes, please note our sweet spot for generating returns over the 7-year track record has tended 
to be 45-90 days. 
• 
Portfolio Construction 
Typically, the portfolio has 70-100 positions, but concentration is very important to generating returns. 
Historically, the top 10 longs represent 40-50% of the Fund's value, and top 10 shorts represent 30-40% of 
the fund's value. Typically we will have a 10% position in the portfolio; this is invariably a liquid, big-cap 
utility name with limited downside and a good degree of upside which is expected to be favorably 
affected by a key, underappreciated structural change. 
The stronger the conviction (from a risk/reward point of view) in the alpha opportunity, the higher the 
gross we run. This flexibility in portfolio construction (which we successfully proved over 3 years during 
the first iteration of Electron) provides a distinct advantage given the utility sector's many low-beta, low-
volatility stocks. During the original Electron Capital period, gross ranged from 150% to 215% and a 
median of 185% over the period. We see maintaining a similar operating range for gross for the re-launch 
for Electron. 
Regarding nets, we will always have a properly hedged product as there are always opportunities on the 
short side to generate alpha. Over our 7-year track record period, the net averaged 22% net long. During 
the first 3 years of Electron, our net averaged 30% long. Given our bearish view on utilities over the last 4 
years, the net averaged 17% net long. 
• 
Risk Model and Risk Management 
We view utilities as distinct bundles of risk. Just as we are staunch supporters of sum-of-the-parts (SOTP) 
valuation, we are also believers in SOTP risk monitoring. As such, our risk model developed over the last 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188532
--- PAGE 23 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
years tracks approximately 60 industry, commodity, and financial risk metrics and is a focus for the 
Electron team. For example, consider oil price risk; although there may be no direct oil exposure in the 
portfolio, there is indirect oil exposure if we were to be short Drax, a coal-fired generator that sells power 
into the UK power market. In the UK, natural gas sets the marginal price of power, and in Europe, by 
convention, natural gas is linked to the oil price; as such, a short position in Drax represents an effective 
short position in oil. We track this risk along with numerous other factors that affect utilities, with the 
purpose of minimizing risks for which we have no competitive advantage that would justify taking on the 
exposure. We describe the risk model in more detail in the marketing book. In addition, we make the 
Electron risk model available for all prospective investors' due diligence. 
Each position in the risk model contains a thesis write-up (to avoid thesis creep); upside, downside and 
relative targets (for valuation discipline); and a time frame (to avoid collecting stocks). In addition to 
tracking numerous industry, financial and macro risks, we also track alpha generation for all of our 
regions, sectors, subsectors and sub-subsectors, which provides the added benefit of a granular window 
on market flows. Finally, we incorporate an exponential function into the risk model that provides an 
early alert and focuses our attention when something is not working. For example, we might be short 
XYZ utility with 30% downside potential over 3 months, and put in a 15% loss limit. If in the first week XYZ 
runs up 5%, it will trigger a "FAST" move alert in the risk model. If we cannot explain why the position is 
moving against us, we will cover (i.e., when in doubt, get out). As mentioned, this is not a crowded space 
(rarely do utility names appear on the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP list) and many names are low-beta, 
low-volatility stocks. However, often when money is lost on the short side, it is the result of small daily 
losses that would not be noticeable on any given day, but over even short periods of time can add up to 
sizeable losses. 
• 
Shorting Global Utilities 
o 
Experience with Dividends and Investor Behavior 
During the underperformance of the global utility industry over the last 4 years, Electron generated 
very strong alpha on the short side. We spend almost twice as much time on the short side as we do 
the long side; this is driven not only by the need for more short positions (given the asymmetry of 
risk) but also because of the effect of utility dividends on investor behavior. For example, we might 
be short a large cap utility with a 4% dividend yield that we believe to be a structural loser. The stock 
might decline 25%, which would push the dividend yield up to 5.5%. Even though our valuation 
models might tell us there is still another 10-15% valuation downside, we will tend to cover (unless 
we believe the dividend is materially at risk), as the dividend yield will begin to provide support for 
the stock. The precise level of the dividend yield at which we would cover is as much an art as a 
science, as it is based on our experience in a variety of situations and our views on investor behavior 
(particularly income funds) gained over many years of covering the sector. As such, you will find us 
trading around our short positions more frequently than our long positions. 
o 
Key to Electron's Process to Identify Dividend Change Candidates 
We also have developed a certain expertise in being early and correctly calling dividend changes —an 
event that can have a dramatic impact on the performance of utilities given the make-up of the 
investor base. In our long experience, utility CEO/CFOs will strongly defend the company's dividend 
(often borrowing or selling assets to fund it). As such, when they do finally cut the dividend, or talk 
about the possibility, they often surprise the market. 
It pays to be diligent in assessing the potential for a dividend cut, and to be early, since once 
CEO/CFOs accept that their business model is deteriorating, they will quickly take action, especially if 
their companies have less flexibility (particularly with respect to cutting capex and opex). Large-cap 
utility managements desire strong credit ratings and are reluctant to risk an investment grade rating. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188533
--- PAGE 24 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
They are in a capital-intensive business and need to preserve deep, low-cost access to both the equity 
and debt capital markets. Moreover, collateral requirements for forward power price hedging 
typically will spike if a utility loses its investment grade rating, which can spur concern about liquidity. 
Building conviction around a dividend cut thesis requires more than screening. Our process focuses 
on researching capex flexibility, cost-cutting potential and asset divestiture potential to determine 
the flexibility a company has under various scenarios. Our research process breaks capex into 3 
buckets: i) committed capex (e.g. required by the regulator), ii) nondiscretionary capex (e.g. major 
plant overhauls — CEOs tend to avoid delays so as not to jeopardize billion dollar-plus assets), and iii) 
discretionary capex (CEOs can delay but may jeopardize future growth). 
Regarding opex, we look for cost-cutting capability, which we estimate by breaking apart the opex 
line or by global benchmarking. Finally, we estimate the potential impact from possible asset 
divestitures and the resulting impact on earnings and leverage. Once we have completed the 
research work on capex, opex and potential divestitures, we model various sensitivities from 
structural changes or other key drivers that might cause a deterioration or improvement in a utility 
company's business model against forward-looking credit rating agency (S&P, Moody's, etc.) ratios. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188534
--- PAGE 25 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Appendix 2: Global Utility Sector Background 
• 
History 
To gain a deeper appreciation of why the global utility sector is attractive for long/short investing, it is 
helpful to briefly survey the history of the sector and describe the utility value chain's components. 
The utility industry as we know it began in 1882 when Thomas Edison built the world's first generating 
station on Pearl Street in downtown Manhattan. In the early decades the industry evolved along multiple 
lines but eventually settled into an integrated, fully-regulated model, deemed appropriate as utilities 
were considered to have monopoly power. During the era of full regulation, utility stocks were often 
characterized as low-risk "widow and orphan" stocks in the US, and large parts of the global utility 
industry remained government-owned. During these early days, long/short investing could not have 
existed at scale, as the ability to find and generate short alpha would have been difficult given the sector's 
government ownership and bond-like nature of returns. 
In the 1980s, Lord David Howell (formerly UK Secretary of State for Energy in the Thatcher government) 
advocated having then-fully regulated power plants compete to sell their production into a competitive 
power market (a "power pool") where the price of electricity would be set at the intersection of supply 
(power plants) and demand (industrial users and electricity supply companies selling to households). This 
led to the world's first competitive power pools being rolled out in the UK in the early 1990s. While 
based in Asia, Jos Shaver led UBS' Asian utility industry group and had the privilege of working with Lord 
Howell when UBS acted as advisor to the State Power Corporation of China on the restructuring of that 
country's national power industry. 
Competitive power pools have since sprung up all over the world, and regulators have pulled apart 
previously fully-integrated utilities in the name of efficiency and maximizing competition. In addition, 
governments around the world have begun to privatize their state utility industries and organize bespoke 
competitive market structures that best meet their needs. These changes have resulted in a hybrid 
modern industry which continues to evolve. 
The deregulatory impulse has brought tremendous benefits to national economies, driving down costs 
and improving efficiency and system reliability, but has also produced unintended consequences, e.g., the 
high-profile bankruptcies of Enron, British Energy, Dynegy, NRG, PG&E and others. As such, although one 
can still find low-beta, low-volatility defensive stocks, the global utility sector has not been for "widow 
and orphan" investors for quite some time due to structural changes in an evolving industry that 
continue to alter the investment landscape. 
It is important to note that the modern utility industry is still in its infancy, having begun in the early 
1990s, and its continued evolution — structural change — will provide ample long/short opportunities for 
the foreseeable future. Structural change catalysts are driven by: i) a utility's various stakeholders, 
including governments, managements, consumers, et al. which seek to mold the utility to their needs and 
objectives, or ii) variables outside of stakeholder control such as commodity prices and new technologies. 
A specialist approach to the global utility sector is essential as each country's market structure (and often 
that of regions within countries) can be very different as a result of the varying levels of competition, 
market concentration, geographic constraints, infrastructure bottlenecks, regulatory constructs, fuel 
supply availability and so on. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188535
--- PAGE 26 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
• 
Utility Value Chain 
The electricity value chain for a modern day fully integrated utility consists of Generation + Transmission 
+ Distribution + Customers (see diagram below). Each segment of the value chain is a different business, 
with distinct risks and economic drivers. Competition has surfaced in each part of the value chain other 
than transmission and distribution (which are fully-regulated assets as they are deemed to be natural 
monopolies). Still, regulators have learned to bring indirect competition even to monopoly-regulated 
businesses by encouraging returns based on efficiency improvements or benchmarking to comparable 
companies. 
Basic Structure of the Electric System 
*ne•eenn Seinen 
Comore*, Seed 
vp Irons, drew 
Source: US Department of Energy 
freenerristian2 ore 
S
. 
S270. 
270. and Ill icV 
Subsladen 
Steepavern 
Transformed 
Tranvrvivorp 
Cunomor 
V of 230aV 
neetandents see 
Cuatomet 
:4•V and 69AV 
Oneddry Custteentv 
nei V and 4AV 
SeCanctIVy Guyon.," 
12011 odd 210V 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
EFTA01188536
--- PAGE 27 ---
Global Utility White Paper 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Disclaimer 
This report, which is attached as an exhibit to the Investor Presentation, is presented by Electron Capital Partners 
LLC ("Electron") solely for information purposes to provide recipients with general information regarding Electron's 
current view of the global utility sector. This report is a summary and does not purport to be complete. 
This report does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell, any securities or to 
provide any investment advisory services. Any such offer will be made solely to qualified investors by means of a 
final offering document and related subscription materials, which will contain material information not contained 
herein and to which the prospective investors are directed. This report is not intended to supplement, modify or 
replace such documents, which should be carefully read prior to investing. 
An investment in any security involves a high degree of risk. No assurance can be given that Electron' investment 
objectives will be achieved and investment results may vary substantially on a quarterly, annual and/or other 
periodic basis. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. The nature of, and risks associated 
with, the investments to be made by Electron may differ substantially from the nature of, and risks associated 
with, investments undertaken historically by the principals of Electron. 
Recipients should not construe this report or any other communication received in connection with Electron or any 
fund as legal, accounting, tax, investment or other advice, and each recipient should consult with its own counsel 
and advisors as to all legal, tax, regulatory, financial and related matters. Recipients should not rely on this report 
in making any investment decisions. 
This report is confidential and proprietary and the recipient agrees not to disclose, directly or indirectly, to any 
party other than the recipient and the recipient's professional advisors. Any distribution of this report, in whole or 
in part, or the divulgence of any of its contents, is unauthorized. 
Any projections, forecasts, opinions and estimates contained in this report are necessarily speculative in nature 
and are based upon certain assumptions. It can be expected that some or all of such assumptions will not 
materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, actual results will differ and may vary 
substantially from the results shown. 
Electron has prepared this report, in part, on the basis of information and data filed by issuers with various 
government regulators or made directly available to Electron by the issuers or through sources other than the 
issuers. Although Electron evaluates all such information and data and may seek independent corroboration when 
Electron considers it appropriate and reasonably available, Electron is not in a position to confirm the 
completeness, genuineness or accuracy of such information and data and, in some cases, complete and accurate 
information is not available. 
Electron Capital Partners, LLC 
For exclusive of Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01188537

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188538.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Largest 75",:„ 10. 
S.1.7! .tir:9 FUT./ 
EFTA01188538

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188539.pdf
----------------------------------------
////////////// 
ill 
Inc 
'//// 
/// 
/ / / / / 
:I
v 
I l e i; 
yi  el' le • (4
• 
w
/ 
/ 
„ 
I 
////// 
I 
/ 
t 
. 
I 
• 
'Ilo
i l o / a i l 
/, 
ot,' or IT 
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
\ 
Inn. 
C" 
1145Dil 
CAA 
9.•• a 
- • 
a 
- 
EFTA01188539

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188540.pdf
----------------------------------------
0001 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
-vs-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, INDIVIDUALLY, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, INDIVIDUALLY, 
AND L.M., INDIVIDUALLY, 
Defendants. 
/ 
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE DAVID CROW 
Monday, March 11, 2013 
9:05 a.m. - 9:17 a.m. 
PALM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, COURTROOM 9C 
205 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
Stenographically Reported By: 
Paula McGuirk, RPR, FPR 
Registered Professional Reporter 
Florida Professional Reporter 
0002 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of the Plaintiff: 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, 
315 Southeast Seventh Street 
P.A. 
Suites 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of the Defendants: 
SEARCY, DENNEY, SCAROLA, BARNHART & SHIPLEY, III. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
EFTA01188540
--- PAGE 2 ---
0003 
PROCEEDINGS 
- - -
THE CLERK: Epstein vs. Rothstein. 
MR. SCAROLA: Good morning. Jack Scarola on 
behalf of Bradley Edwards. 
THE COURT: Give me one second, please. 
MR. SCAROLA: Absolutely. 
THE COURT: Okay, what do we have? 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, this is the 
Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley Edwards, motion to strike 
untimely objections, and if I may approach the Court, 
I have a time line that I hope will be of help to 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, this motion relates 
to net worth interrogatories propounded after Your 
Honor permitted the amendment of this complaint to 
assert a claim for punitive damages. We served 
discovery relating to Mr. Epstein's financial 
circumstances on December 21, '12 following that 
order, and pursuant to the provision of Rule 1.340 
and the 1.350 responses to both of those, discovery 
requests were due within 30 days. 
Within 30 days rather than filing responses, 
what we received was a motion for protective order. 
0004 
0005 
addressed substantively. 
We are not before Your Honor this morning to 
ask the Court to consider the substance of the 
The motion for protective order raised a variety of 
objections to the discovery. Included among those 
objections was that the discovery was propounded for 
purposes of harassment, oppression and embarrassment. 
Your Honor considered that motion and entered an 
order on January 29th denying the motion for 
protective order. That particular order included no 
time for the provision of the discovery, and we 
brought that matter -- that is I, on behalf of 
Mr. Edwards, brought that matter to the Court's 
attention, and Your Honor entered an order on 
February 4th compelling responses to the discovery 
within 20 days. 
Within 20 days, rather than receiving discovery 
responses, what we received from the opposing party 
were more objections. In fact, there is nothing but 
objections to the discovery, and there is not --
apart from Mr. Epstein's name -- there is not a 
single substantive response to any of the questions 
that were asked with regard to his financial 
circumstances. 
It is our position that all of the objections 
that were raised after the initial 30 days for filing 
of objections or responses to the interrogatories are 
untimely, and that those objections need not be 
EFTA01188541
--- PAGE 3 ---
objections, but to strike all objections, except for 
the Fifth Amendment privilege assertion, on the basis 
that those objections are untimely. The significance 
of striking all of the objections, other than the 
Fifth Amendment privilege objection, is that other 
objections cannot be commented upon in the presence 
of the jury. If there are valid legal objections to 
not providing the information, obviously we cannot 
draw adverse inferences from those other objections, 
nor can we comment upon those other objections. 
However, the Defendant's failure to respond to 
this financial discovery on the basis of the Fifth 
Amendment privilege assertion is obviously something 
that can be raised in the presence of the jury, and 
we can draw adverse inferences from his refusal to 
provide any financial information whatsoever. That's 
the purpose of this motion. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. COLEMAN: Good morning, Judge. Tonja 
Haddad Coleman on behalf of Mr. Epstein. First, I'm 
really not quite sure how to respond to this since 
Mr. Scarola has yet, again, filed a motion that 
0006 
contains not one rule or case on which he's relying. 
So, I'll address each allegation in turn. 
First, all he states is that our objections are 
untimely. This Court ordered that we respond. Not 
answer, but respond to the discovery requests within 
days of the order. The order was entered 
February 4th. As such, our response was due on or 
before Monday, February 25th, since February 24th was 
a Sunday. We timely responded to all discovery 
requests on Friday, February 22nd, actually, making 
them early. 
Furthermore, with respect to the motion for 
protective order, the law is very clear that the 
issues that you must raise in a protective order, and 
the only issues we raised in our motion for 
protective order were on the grounds of annoyance, 
embarrassment, oppression, undue burden. We've only 
raised issues as delineated in Rule 1.380. 
However, within our responses to the discovery 
we did raise many objections, including privilege, 
and I have a case right on point for the Court, and 
which I've taken the time to actually highlight the 
relevant portions, if I may approach. I have a 
Fourth DCA case in which it says, "A timely objection 
is not required to claims to be privileged when one 
0007 
is raising a motion for protective order because, and 
I quote, 'This follows from the fact that 
Rule 1.280(c) refers to issuance of protective order 
only to protect a party or person from annoyance, 
embarrassment, oppression or undue burden or 
expense.'" It does not refer to privilege. 
We think the omission was intentional and, 
therefore, the word objectionable in Rule 1.380(d), 
therefore, should be construed as referring only to 
items which are within the scope of discovery; that 
is, not privileged. 
As such, Judge, once you denied our motion for 
protective order, we were still well within our legal 
rights -- our client's legal rights -- to raise any 
EFTA01188542
--- PAGE 4 ---
0008 
answers to which he is objecting. He's asking you to 
strike all of them. I don't know which ones he wants 
stricken. We raised the privileges. 
THE COURT: Okay. I'm just listening to what 
he said. He said he wants me to strike everything 
except the privilege objections. 
MS. COLEMAN: Well, they're not here. The 
rules -- my understanding of the rules --
THE COURT: Excuse me. What's not here? I'm 
sorry. 
MS. COLEMAN: The discovery. There's no copy 
of the request in the objections. He wants you to 
strike everything. What is everything? 
THE COURT: He just gave me a copy of it here. 
MS. COLEMAN: Well, he didn't give me a copy. 
THE COURT: Well, it's your responses. 
MS. COLEMAN: I know it's my responses, Judge. 
It wasn't attached to his motion, and it wasn't 
provided to us. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: His motion doesn't say anything. 
THE COURT: For example, the first one says 
please produce financial statements to any lender 
within the past five years. You have your privilege 
objection, and then you say vague, unartfully 
0009 
drafted, unable to file a response. I don't know how 
it would be work product. The accountant privilege 
would not be applicable. So your position is that 
you have not waived any -- certainly not waived any 
privilege objections. I understand that. Your claim 
is that you have not waived any objections? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, Your Honor, we never raised 
any issue of overly burdensome. We raised the three 
grounds one can raise in a protective order. We did 
not raise, in our objection to his discovery 
requests, any grounds that you had already ruled upon 
in your motion for protective order. As such, 
they're timely objections. 
THE COURT: I honestly don't remember what I 
ruled or didn't rule. 
MS. COLEMAN: I have a copy of your order right 
here. It's attached to our response to his motion. 
THE COURT: It says -- you've got here 
overbroad. 
MR. SCAROLA: Would Your Honor like a copy of 
the order? 
THE COURT: Yes. I don't have the motions, so 
I don't know what you raised in the motions, but, 
okay, yes, sir, you want to respond? 
MR. SCAROLA: I would like to respond, Your 
objections that were not raised in the motion for 
protective order. This case supports that position. 
We timely filed our objection. 
THE COURT: As I understand it, he is not 
asking me to rule on privilege objections. 
MS. COLEMAN: Those are all the objections. 
There are various --
THE COURT: You got overbroad, burdensome, not 
calculated to lead to admissible evidence. 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, I don't know because he 
didn't provide, as one does, the copies of the 
EFTA01188543
--- PAGE 5 ---
0010 
Honor. The Fourth DCA case, which opposing counsel 
handed me when she handed it to the Court, 
specifically addresses attorney/client privilege, and 
says that attorney/client privilege objections are 
not waived as a consequence of having raised a motion 
for protective order. The motion expressly states 
that we are not seeking this Court's ruling on the 
assertion of Fifth Amendment privilege. We are 
seeking to strike all other objections as untimely, 
and it seems strange that the law would develop to a 
point where no objection is raised substantively. 
With regard to these requests for financial 
information, a motion for protective order is filed. 
It raises substantial grounds, including harassing, 
oppressive, embarrassing, and, as counsel has said in 
her argument, overbroad, and then serially permit 
other objections to be raised far after the 30-day 
deadline for response has passed. 
We would ask the Court to grant this motion, 
strike all objections, except those as to privilege, 
and with regard to any privilege objection, other 
than attorney/client privilege, we will raise that by 
separate motion. 
THE COURT: Okay, I'm going to have to take a 
look at this. The responses are 17 pages long, and I 
0011 
will have to look at it today. By the way, is your 
father an attorney, or is that your brother that's an 
attorney? 
MS. COLEMAN: Me? 
THE COURT: Yeah, Haddad. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. 
THE COURT: Are you related? 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm related to a lot of 
attorneys. I don't know which Haddad you're 
referring. 
THE COURT: No, I'm sorry, I --
MR. SCAROLA: Mr. Haddad has actually entered 
an appearance in this case, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Is he related to you? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, he is. 
THE COURT: Oh, okay. I just wondered. It's 
interesting. Do you have a relative that works in 
the Court? We have a clerk, an attorney. 
THE CLERK: Monica. 
THE COURT: Monica Haddad. Is she related? 
MS. COLEMAN: No. 
THE COURT: Because that's not unusual. I 
mean, it's kind of like a Smith, Jones kind of --
MS. COLEMAN: Which is why for the last decade 
I've tried using my married name, but it doesn't seem 
0012 
to take. 
THE COURT: Okay. I don't mean to -- you know, 
I was just interested because it's a 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. 
THE COURT: Okay, thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: And did I see something come back 
from the Fourth? Y'all filed something against me, 
right? 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, they filed a petition for 
EFTA01188544
--- PAGE 6 ---
0013 
leave to assert a claim for punitive damages. The 
petition for writ of certiori was denied as to that 
matter. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: There was a recent opinion that 
related to an effort to recuse Attorney Keitel that 
was just addressed by the Fourth DCA in another 
matter, so that may have been what Your Honor was 
seeing. 
THE COURT: Okay, thank you, guys. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you, Your Honor. 
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you, Judge. 
(The hearing concluded at 9:16 a.m.) 
- - -
0014 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
- - -
I, Paula McGuirk, Registered Professional 
Reporter, Florida Professional Reporter, certify that I 
was authorized to and did stenographically report the 
foregoing proceedings and that the transcript, pages 1 
through 13, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 13th day of March, 2013. 
Paula McGuirk 
Registered Professional Reporter 
Florida Professional Reporter 
writ of certiorari challenging Your Honor's granting 
of leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
damages. 
THE COURT: Well, I thought there was something 
like somebody tried to recuse -- not recuse -- in 
fact, the reason I thought it was because I saw it 
come through, Mr. Haddad, somebody tried to get him 
kicked off the case. Didn't the Appellate Court say 
I actually did it right? Am I wrong? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, we didn't appeal that, 
Judge, because --
MR. SCAROLA: That was not appealed. 
THE COURT: Oh, okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: No, the issue that was appealed 
was the propriety of Your Honor's order granting 
EFTA01188545
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01188546

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188547.pdf
----------------------------------------
jeffrey epstein v. scott rothstein - Vol. I 
March 11, 2013 
Page 1 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
-vs-
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, INDIVIDUALLY, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, INDIVIDUALLY, 
AND L.M., INDIVIDUALLY, 
Defendants. 
/ 
-
-
-
HEARING BEFORE THE HONORABLE DAVID CROW 
Monday, March 11, 2013 
9:05 a.m. - 9:17 a.m. 
PALM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, COURTROOM 9C 
205 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
Stenographically Reported By: 
Paula McGuirk, RPR, FPR 
Registered Professional Reporter 
Florida Professional Reporter 
EFTA01188547
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of the Plaintiff: 
LAW OFFICES OF TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, P.A. 
315 Southeast Seventh Street 
Suites 301 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
BY: TONJA HADDAD COLEMAN, ESQUIRE 
On behalf of the Defendants: 
SEARCY, DENNEY, SCAROLA, BARNHART & SHIPLEY, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
BY: JACK SCAROLA, ESQUIRE 
EFTA01188548
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
PROCEEDINGS 
- - -
THE CLERK: Epstein vs. Rothstein. 
MR. SCAROLA: Good morning. Jack Scarola on 
behalf of Bradley Edwards. 
THE COURT: Give me one second, please. 
MR. SCAROLA: Absolutely. 
THE COURT: Okay, what do we have? 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, this is the 
Counter-Plaintiff, Bradley Edwards, motion to strike 
untimely objections, and if I may approach the Court, 
I have a time line that I hope will be of help to 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: Your Honor, this motion relates 
to net worth interrogatories propounded after Your 
Honor permitted the amendment of this complaint to 
assert a claim for punitive damages. We served 
discovery relating to Mr. Epstein's financial 
circumstances on December 21, '12 following that 
order, and pursuant to the provision of Rule 1.340 
and the 1.350 responses to both of those, discovery 
requests were due within 30 days. 
Within 30 days rather than filing responses, 
what we received was a motion for protective order. 
EFTA01188549
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
The motion for protective order raised a variety of 
objections to the discovery. Included among those 
objections was that the discovery was propounded for 
purposes of harassment, oppression and embarrassment. 
Your Honor considered that motion and entered an 
order on January 29th denying the motion for 
protective order. That particular order included no 
time for the provision of the discovery, and we 
brought that matter -- that is I, on behalf of 
Mr. Edwards, brought that matter to the Court's 
attention, and Your Honor entered an order on 
February 4th compelling responses to the discovery 
within 20 days. 
Within 20 days, rather than receiving discovery 
responses, what we received from the opposing party 
were more objections. In fact, there is nothing but 
objections to the discovery, and there is not --
apart from Mr. Epstein's name -- there is not a 
single substantive response to any of the questions 
that were asked with regard to his financial 
circumstances. 
It is our position that all of the objections 
that were raised after the initial 30 days for filing 
of objections or responses to the interrogatories are 
untimely, and that those objections need not be 
EFTA01188550
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
addressed substantively. 
We are not before Your Honor this morning to 
ask the Court to consider the substance of the 
objections, but to strike all objections, except for 
the Fifth Amendment privilege assertion, on the basis 
that those objections are untimely. The significance 
of striking all of the objections, other than the 
Fifth Amendment privilege objection, is that other 
objections cannot be commented upon in the presence 
of the jury. If there are valid legal objections to 
not providing the information, obviously we cannot 
draw adverse inferences from those other objections, 
nor can we comment upon those other objections. 
However, the Defendant's failure to respond to 
this financial discovery on the basis of the Fifth 
Amendment privilege assertion is obviously something 
that can be raised in the presence of the jury, and 
we can draw adverse inferences from his refusal to 
provide any financial information whatsoever. That's 
the purpose of this motion. 
THE COURT: Yes. 
MS. COLEMAN: Good morning, Judge. Tonja 
Haddad Coleman on behalf of Mr. Epstein. First, I'm 
really not quite sure how to respond to this since 
Mr. Scarola has yet, again, filed a motion that 
EFTA01188551
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
contains not one rule or case on which he's relying. 
So, I'll address each allegation in turn. 
First, all he states is that our objections are 
untimely. This Court ordered that we respond. Not 
answer, but respond to the discovery requests within 
days of the order. The order was entered 
February 4th. As such, our response was due on or 
before Monday, February 25th, since February 24th was 
a Sunday. We timely responded to all discovery 
requests on Friday, February 22nd, actually, making 
them early. 
Furthermore, with respect to the motion for 
protective order, the law is very clear that the 
issues that you must raise in a protective order, and 
the only issues we raised in our motion for 
protective order were on the grounds of annoyance, 
embarrassment, oppression, undue burden. We've only 
raised issues as delineated in Rule 1.380. 
However, within our responses to the discovery 
we did raise many objections, including privilege, 
and I have a case right on point for the Court, and 
which I've taken the time to actually highlight the 
relevant portions, if I may approach. I have a 
Fourth DCA case in which it says, "A timely objection 
is not required to claims to be privileged when one 
EFTA01188552
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
is raising a motion for protective order because, and 
I quote, 'This follows from the fact that 
Rule 1.280(c) refers to issuance of protective order 
only to protect a party or person from annoyance, 
embarrassment, oppression or undue burden or 
expense.'" It does not refer to privilege. 
We think the omission was intentional and, 
therefore, the word objectionable in Rule 1.380(d), 
therefore, should be construed as referring only to 
items which are within the scope of discovery; that 
is, not privileged. 
As such, Judge, once you denied our motion for 
protective order, we were still well within our legal 
rights -- our client's legal rights -- to raise any 
objections that were not raised in the motion for 
protective order. This case supports that position. 
We timely filed our objection. 
THE COURT: As I understand it, he is not 
asking me to rule on privilege objections. 
MS. COLEMAN: Those are all the objections. 
There are various --
THE COURT: You got overbroad, burdensome, not 
calculated to lead to admissible evidence. 
MS. COLEMAN: Judge, I don't know because he 
didn't provide, as one does, the copies of the 
EFTA01188553
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
answers to which he is objecting. He's asking you to 
strike all of them. I don't know which ones he wants 
stricken. We raised the privileges. 
THE COURT: Okay. I'm just listening to what 
he said. He said he wants me to strike everything 
except the privilege objections. 
MS. COLEMAN: Well, they're not here. The 
rules -- my understanding of the rules --
THE COURT: Excuse me. What's not here? I'm 
sorry. 
MS. COLEMAN: The discovery. There's no copy 
of the request in the objections. He wants you to 
strike everything. What is everything? 
THE COURT: He just gave me a copy of it here. 
MS. COLEMAN: Well, he didn't give me a copy. 
THE COURT: Well, it's your responses. 
MS. COLEMAN: I know it's my responses, Judge. 
It wasn't attached to his motion, and it wasn't 
provided to us. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MS. COLEMAN: His motion doesn't say anything. 
THE COURT: For example, the first one says 
please produce financial statements to any lender 
within the past five years. You have your privilege 
objection, and then you say vague, unartfully 
EFTA01188554
--- PAGE 9 ---
Page 9 
drafted, unable to file a response. I don't know how 
it would be work product. The accountant privilege 
would not be applicable. So your position is that 
you have not waived any -- certainly not waived any 
privilege objections. I understand that. Your claim 
is that you have not waived any objections? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, Your Honor, we never raised 
any issue of overly burdensome. We raised the three 
grounds one can raise in a protective order. We did 
not raise, in our objection to his discovery 
requests, any grounds that you had already ruled upon 
in your motion for protective order. As such, 
they're timely objections. 
THE COURT: I honestly don't remember what I 
ruled or didn't rule. 
MS. COLEMAN: I have a copy of your order right 
here. It's attached to our response to his motion. 
THE COURT: It says -- you've got here 
overbroad. 
MR. SCAROLA: Would Your Honor like a copy of 
the order? 
THE COURT: Yes. I don't have the motions, so 
I don't know what you raised in the motions, but, 
okay, yes, sir, you want to respond? 
MR. SCAROLA: I would like to respond, Your 
EFTA01188555
--- PAGE 10 ---
Page 10 
Honor. The Fourth DCA case, which opposing counsel 
handed me when she handed it to the Court, 
specifically addresses attorney/client privilege, and 
says that attorney/client privilege objections are 
not waived as a consequence of having raised a motion 
for protective order. The motion expressly states 
that we are not seeking this Court's ruling on the 
assertion of Fifth Amendment privilege. We are 
seeking to strike all other objections as untimely, 
and it seems strange that the law would develop to a 
point where no objection is raised substantively. 
With regard to these requests for financial 
information, a motion for protective order is filed. 
It raises substantial grounds, including harassing, 
oppressive, embarrassing, and, as counsel has said in 
her argument, overbroad, and then serially permit 
other objections to be raised far after the 30-day 
deadline for response has passed. 
We would ask the Court to grant this motion, 
strike all objections, except those as to privilege, 
and with regard to any privilege objection, other 
than attorney/client privilege, we will raise that by 
separate motion. 
THE COURT: Okay, I'm going to have to take a 
look at this. The responses are 17 pages long, and I 
EFTA01188556
--- PAGE 11 ---
Page 11 
will have to look at it today. By the way, is your 
father an attorney, or is that your brother that's an 
attorney? 
MS. COLEMAN: Me? 
THE COURT: Yeah, Haddad. 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. 
THE COURT: Are you related? 
MS. COLEMAN: I'm related to a lot of 
attorneys. I don't know which Haddad you're 
referring. 
THE COURT: No, I'm sorry, I --
MR. SCAROLA: Mr. Haddad has actually entered 
an appearance in this case, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: Is he related to you? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, he is. 
THE COURT: Oh, okay. I just wondered. It's 
interesting. Do you have a relative that works in 
the Court? We have a clerk, an attorney. 
THE CLERK: Monica. 
THE COURT: Monica Haddad. Is she related? 
MS. COLEMAN: No. 
THE COURT: Because that's not unusual. I 
mean, it's kind of like a Smith, Jones kind of --
MS. COLEMAN: Which is why for the last decade 
I've tried using my married name, but it doesn't seem 
EFTA01188557
--- PAGE 12 ---
Page 12 
to take. 
THE COURT: Okay. I don't mean to -- you know, 
I was just interested because it's a 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes. 
THE COURT: Okay, thank you. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you very much, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: And did I see something come back 
from the Fourth? Y'all filed something against me, 
right? 
MR. SCAROLA: Yes, they filed a petition for 
writ of certiorari challenging Your Honor's granting 
of leave to amend to assert a claim for punitive 
damages. 
THE COURT: Well, I thought there was something 
like somebody tried to recuse -- not recuse -- in 
fact, the reason I thought it was because I saw it 
come through, Mr. Haddad, somebody tried to get him 
kicked off the case. Didn't the Appellate Court say 
I actually did it right? Am I wrong? 
MS. COLEMAN: Yes, we didn't appeal that, 
Judge, because --
MR. SCAROLA: That was not appealed. 
THE COURT: Oh, okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: No, the issue that was appealed 
was the propriety of Your Honor's order granting 
EFTA01188558
--- PAGE 13 ---
Page 13 
leave to assert a claim for punitive damages. The 
petition for writ of certiori was denied as to that 
matter. 
THE COURT: Okay. 
MR. SCAROLA: There was a recent opinion that 
related to an effort to recuse Attorney Keitel that 
was just addressed by the Fourth DCA in another 
matter, so that may have been what Your Honor was 
seeing. 
THE COURT: Okay, thank you, guys. 
MR. SCAROLA: Thank you, Your Honor. 
MS. COLEMAN: Thank you, Judge. 
(The hearing concluded at 9:16 a.m.) 
- - -
EFTA01188559
--- PAGE 14 ---
Page14 
CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER 
- - -
I, Paula McGuirk, Registered Professional 
Reporter, Florida Professional Reporter, certify that I 
was authorized to and did stenographically report the 
foregoing proceedings and that the transcript, pages 1 
through 13, is a true and complete record of my 
stenographic notes. 
Dated this 13th day of March, 2013. 
Paula McGuirk 
Registered Professional Reporter 
Florida Professional Reporter 
EFTA01188560
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA01188561

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188562.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:15:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188562
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188563
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188564

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:28:21 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188565
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188566
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188567

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188568.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:29:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188568
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188569
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188570

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188571.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:26:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188571
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188572
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188573

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188574.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:25:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188574
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188575
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188576

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188577.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:25:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188577
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188578
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188579

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188580.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: e rey <jeevacation a gmai .com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:25:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188580
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188581
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188582

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188583.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: e rey <jeevacatton a gmat .com> 
Subject: 3 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:24:57 +0000 
lane-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188583
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188584
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188585

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188586.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 20:24:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188586
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188587
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188588

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188589.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 14 Mar 2013 08:42:53 +0000 
Attachments 
Forwarded messa e 
From 
Date: 
, 
. 
, 
Subject: 
To: 
iPad 
EFTA01188589

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188590.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188590

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188591.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 14 Mar 2013 08:43:08 +0000 
Attachments: IPG 
From: 
Date: Thu, Mar 14, 2013 at 4:28 AM 
Subject: 
To: 
iPad 
EFTA01188591

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188592.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188592

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188593.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 14 Mar 2013 08:43:22 +0000 
Attachments 
'PG 
From: 
Date: 
u, 
ar 
, 
at : 
Sub'ect: 
To 
Pad 
EFTA01188593

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188594.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188594

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188595.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2013 14:46:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188595
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188596
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188597

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188598.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2013 14:46:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188598
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188599
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188600

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188601.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2013 14:46:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188601
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188602
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188603

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188604.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2013 14:46:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188604
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188605
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188606

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188607.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2013 14:47:14 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188607
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188608
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188609

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188610.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bce: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Gregory Brown
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 03/24/2013 
Sun, 24 Mar 2013 17:54:59 +0000 
JPMorgan's_Folliesjor_All to_See_Gretchen_Morgenson NYT March 16,_2012.pdf; 
GOP report_calls_for_sweeflig_refonns_to_compete_in_21)16flichael:OBrien_03_18_2 
013.pdf; 
What_Should the Republican Party_Stand For_Molly_Ball The_Atlantic 02_26_13.pdf; 
Bono,_The_Cood:News_on Foverty_TED —March_2013.pdfr Bono bio.pe; 
Good_News Beats Bad on —Social Netwoas John_Tierney_MarcE 18,_2013.pdf; 
_ 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Cyprus lawmakers_reject bank tax;_bailout_kdisarray_Michaelfambas_&_ICarolina_T 
agarititeuters Mar. 19,_2013.idf; 
_ 
_ 
Taxing_Savers_in_Cyprus NYT Editorial March_19,2013.pdf; 
Why_the_Cyprus_Bailout—Coulcr Set Banicing_Back_300 Years_Martin_Hutchinson_Mon 
day_Morning_March_19,:2013.a; ileview,_American viinter_-
A_Devastating_Portrait Of The_Erosion Of_The_Micidle Class_Kevin Jagemauth The_ 
Playlist March_18,2011.pd7; Ten_ Years After_NYT Editc7rial March_21),_2012.pdfT 
The Lait Letter Tomas Young 
ruth 
Mar 18,-2013.pdfr 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
Mistakes,_Excuses_and_Painful_Lessons_From_theiraq_War_Ezra_Klein_Bloomberg_Ma 
rch 19,2013.pdf; 
Waihington Post Editorial_Page_Misses_Iraq_War_Anniversary_Amanda_Terkel_Huff_Po 
st 03_20 2613.pilf; 
Libya, JATvo_Years_Lateriason_Pack_and_Mustafa Abushagur_Huff_Post_03-20- 
2013.pdf; 
Cyprus_rejects bailout_plan_that would_make_savers_payjaising_anxiety_in_euro_zone 
Micheel Bimgaum & Howard —Scheider_TWP_March 19, 2013.pdf; 
One_ Nation Under 11; Gun Deaths Since Ne to 
bB 
ff Post Ma 
March _03,_2013.p 
2013
_ 
_ 
_ 
w wn_ 
_ u _ 
_ 
.p 
df; 
L_SCOTT_bapdfr
Dear Friends 
Being one of the few Americans who opposed the both invasions in Afghanistan and the Bush/Cheney 
War in Iraq from before day-one, and before then Senator Barack Obama.... And for my friends like 
my dear friends Rudy, Harvey , Julian and others who thought that I was crazy both times.... On the 
loth anniversary this week after the Bush/Cheney war started, events has shown that they were wrong 
and I was right. Like betting on Red, on the surface that could be seen as 50/50 bet. But from the 
months before the war started when the Bush/Administration was spinning the speculation that 
Saddam Hussein was somehow involved with 9/11 and had mobile WMDs, Yellow Cake in Niger to 
inflect imminent pending mushroom clouds over America.... attacks against Israel and that Americans 
would be treated as liberators with no downfall or real cost in lives, dollars and other resources 
 At 
that time I called this BS for what is was.... And today we know that is was Total BS 
AND I WAS RIGHT. Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with Al Qaeda or with 9/11. There were no 
WMDs. The Yellow Cake story was an absolute lie. Iraq has no plans to attack Israel. And no Iraqi 
terrorist had ever attacked Americans, American installations or America. One of the reasons why I 
felt so confident that none of Bush/Cheney Administration's accretions were true is because I knew 
that two years before, Mossad (Israeli Intelligence) extensively interviewed Saddam Hussein's two son-
in-laws, including the son-in-law who at one time ran Iraq's weapons development program) when 
EFTA01188610
--- PAGE 2 ---
they both flied to Jordan. Especially when everyone knows, that if Israel had felt Iraq had WMDs, it 
would have promptly destroyed them with our without America's support or approval. 
So when politicians purposely deceive its citizens, government and the international 
community shouldn't there be a consequence? Especially when these misdeeds lead to the loss of 4500 
American military forces lives, 35,000 wounded - many of those will be scarred emotionally or 
physically for life, (divorces, suicides, broken families are all results of the war), more than 165,000 
Iraqi civilian lives, costing American taxpayers more than $2 trillion (rising potentially to more than 
$6 trillion over the next decades), resulting in the destabilization of the entire Middle East and energy 
costs rising four-fold and benefiting the governments in Russia and Iran. 
We did for Iran what they have been trying to do for 40 years, overthrow Saddam. Today, relations 
between Iraq and Iran, our enemy and threat to the Middle East peace, are better than ever. The spoils 
of the war, mainly the oil, went to Turkey and Russia, two countries that didn't want us there. Turkey 
not only did not help but hindered the military part in the war. I have not even mentioned that the 
weapons of mass destruction that the Bush administration told us not only existed but knew where 
they were.Are the people better off? Today they are no longer under the bloody hands of Saddam and 
his death squads, which some say was a good enough reason in itself to topple Saddam. If that was a 
good enough reason, we should be invading other countries run by tyrants: Iran, Syria, Rwanda, 
Cambodia, Venezuela, etc. What we did accomplish was we built the most expensive, the largest and 
the costliest-to-run and most extravagant embassy in the world in the safe confines of the Green Zone. 
This week, at least 65 Iraqis died in a bombing, last week 28 died. The infrastructure still has part-
time electricity and a Third World water system. And the most recent big ugly is the rising abnormally 
high number of cases of cancer and birth defects in Iraq. In a new op-ed for Al Jazeera, Mozhgan 
Savabieasfahani, (a leading toxicologist at the University of Michigan), writes that the cancer and 
birth defect "epidemic" constitutes an "extraordinary public health emergency in Iraq" and that large-
scale testing of the environment in the affected cities is of utmost urgency. 
Dick Cheney said in his documentary he would do it all over again and do it the same way and has 
absolutely no second thoughts about the actions we took. Dick Cheney is now just a bitter old man 
trying to save face who has become irrelevant in his own party and his own country. We made a 
mistake by letting civilians and Gen. Westmoreland with no one to answer to the Vietnam War. We let 
Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Scooter Libby and Gen. Tommy Franks run the Iraq war with no one to 
answer to. I hope to God we have learned from our mistakes. The history of how the Iraqi war turns 
out will not be known for years, but I fear history will not be kind to us at all. This past week was the 
10th anniversary of the start of the second war in Iraq. We were told that we were in imminent 
danger. We were told that the war would be easy. We were told that most likely it 
would pay for itself. We were told that life would be better for the average Iraqi as a 
result. We were told that we would be greeted as liberators. We were told that the 
war would lead to Iraqis living better. We were told that the new government would 
seek closer ties to America We were told that this war would add stability to the 
entire Middle East, 
NONE OF THIS HAPPEN 
 First of all, there are no easy wars 
 And as much as I hate drone 
strikes, why start a war to get one man, even if that man is Saddam Hussein, Osama bin Laden, 
Muammar Gaddafi, Anastasio Somoza, Idi Amin, Omar al-Bashir, Hitler, Caligula or Nero, when we 
have the technology to take this one individual or group out. If the international community of nations 
conclude that a single individual or organization is a serious danger to society — today it has the tools 
to get rid of that person or group. And as the Arab Spring has proven by the removal of Gaddafi, 
Mubarak, Ben Ali, Saleh and soon to be ousted Bashar Hafez al-Assad, the people themselves will get 
rid of their own despots, tyrants and dictators. Therefore as a society, we have to call our mistakes 
what they are.... MISTAKES.... Otherwise, we are destine to repeat them.... Again.... And again . And to 
EFTA01188611
--- PAGE 3 ---
hear Cheney, Rice, Rumsfeld, Bush and others and especially the mainstream media.... making excuses 
for a war that should have never happen should not go unnoticed or allowed. 
Every so often you come across a film, movie, poem, song, theater piece, talk, action, event or person 
who touches one's sou. This past week I had the sincere pleasure of 
watching HBO's documentary 'American Winter,' A Devastating Portrait Of The Erosion Of 
The Middle Class. Filmmakers Joe and Harry Gantz make their argument by turning their cameras 
to Portland, Oregon and tracking the tales of eight families, who all call the state's 211 social services 
hotline, in dire need of help. And it's eye opening stuff that not only puts a human face on the poverty 
crisis gripping the country (in 53 years of recorded history, a new record has been set with 48.5 
million Americans living in poverty according to the latest data) but it also fundamentally shows that 
if there is no infrastructure in place to help those who are struggling get back on their feet, it's actually 
worse for the economy. The documentary features interviews with local experts and leaders, including 
Oregon Center for Public Policy director Chuck Sheketoff and Portland Commissioner Nick Fish. He 
shared his thoughts about the documentary on his website, saying he felt both pride and shame after 
watching it. "Shame because so many middle class families who play by the rules have to choose 
between paying rent and feeding their children," he wrote. "Pride because we live in a community 
that believes we are all in this together." 
Using a mix of hard facts and personal stories, "American Winter" makes it clear that the 
structures in place are simply not working. Never mind the fact that it's actually cheaper in the long 
run to invest in social programs, all it takes is the story of single mother Shanon to illustrate how fast 
anyone can fall into hardship. When her 12 year-old daughter had to go to the hospital to deal with a 
serious stomach ailment that includes 5 ulcers (one of which was bleeding), Shanon was forced to take 
some time off work. Shanon had insurance, but of course, they refused to cover her for the time she 
was off caring for her daughter, and now she's saddled with a staggering $49,000 medical bill (with 
more on the way for ongoing treatment). How can anyone crawl out from under such a burden? And 
while some might scoff that Shanon is unlucky, that sometimes that's just the way things happen, 
"American Winter" suggests that the effects pass on to the next generation. 
Currently, the single greatest factor determining a young person's future wealth, is how well off their 
parents were. And if the next generation isn't given a fair shot at upward mobility, how does the 
country expect have a healthy class of citizens who can participate in the economy? And as venture 
capitalist Nick Hanauer points out, the deregulated business world and the emphasis on trickle-down 
economics that currently exists, has failed to live up to its promise. While corporations are raking in 
record profits, it has simply not translated into the high paying jobs that both politicians and corporate 
interests have said they would. Instead, we've seen minimum wage stagnate and full time jobs a 
scarcity, but as Hanauer explains the solution is simple: raise wages and create jobs, and you will 
enable people to buy products from your company, keep you profitable all while enabling the economy 
to thrive. 
The film shows real life examples of the devastation of the Reagan Administration supply-side trickle-
down economics which has enriched the top 2% at the expense of eviscerating the safety-net for the 
working poor and the incomes of the Middle Class. It also shows that these proud middle-class 
families who have fallen into hard times for reasons beyond their control , did everything that where 
suppose to, including college educations, good work histories, saved for a rainy day and raising their 
families in a warm supportive loving environment. It is a sobering 90 minutes that reinforces those 
feelings. And even if you arrive skeptically to the documentary, the arguments are too compelling to 
ignore, for no matter where you stand, the remaining question that lingers is whether or not this 
EFTA01188612
--- PAGE 4 ---
current winter of personal, financial and even spiritual malaise from coast to coast will ever find a 
thaw. With this said, I strongly urge everyone to see HBO's American Winter. 
***** 
If you like me feel inundated by today's television news mixture of shock and awe laced with Lindsey Lohan's 
latest court appearance, depressing us all, I would like to share musician Bono (U2 fame) latest presentation at 
TED (Technology, Entertainment, Design) - the non-profit organization formed in 1984 to bring 
together the world's most fascinating thinkers and doers, who are challenged to give the talk of their lives, 
passions and experiences, in 18 minutes or less with the goal of inspiring others. Bono's latest talk titled, The 
good news on poverty (Yes, there's good news) - Bono, the lead singer of U2, uses his celebrity to fight 
for social justice worldwide: to end hunger, poverty and disease, especially in Africa. His nonprofit ONE raises 
awareness via media, policy and calls to action. And in this most recent talk he shares inspiring data that shows the end of poverty is in 
sight ... if we can harness the momentum. 
http://www.ted.comitalksibono_the_good_news_on_poverty__yes_there_s_good_news.html 
FILMED FEB 2013 • POSTED MAR 2013 • TED2013 
BONO: Starting out before Christ three millennia ago when civilization was just getting started on the banks of 
the Nile there was a march against inequality and poverty by a group of slaves and Jewish shepherds in search of 
justice. Cut to our century, same country, same pyramids, another people spreading the same ideaof equality 
with a different book. This time it's called the Facebook. Crowds are gathered in Tahrir Square. They turn a 
social network from virtual to actual, and kind of rebooted the 21st century. Not to undersell how messy and 
ugly the aftermath of the Arab Spring has been, neither to oversell the role of technology, but these things have 
given a sense of what's possible when the age-old model of power, the pyramid, gets turned upside down, putting 
the people on top and the pharaohs of today on the bottom, as it were It's also shown us that something as 
powerful as information and the sharing of it can challenge inequality, because facts, like people, want to be free, 
and when they're free, liberty is usually around the corner, even for the poorest of the poor -- facts that can 
challenge cynicism and the apathy that leads to inertia, facts that tell us what's working and, more importantly, 
what's not, so we can fix it, facts that if we hear them and heed them could help us meet the challenge that 
Nelson Mandela made back in 2005, when he asked us to be that great generation that overcomes that most 
awful offense to humanity, extreme poverty, facts that build a powerful momentum. 
He then cites a number of examples: 
• ­ Since the year 2000, since the turn of the millennium, there are eight million more AIDS patients 
getting life-saving antiretroviral drugs. Malaria: There are eight countries in sub-Saharan Africa that have 
their death rates cut by 75 percent. For kids under five, child mortality, kids under five, it's down by 2.65 
million a year. That's a rate of 7,256 children's lives saved each day. 
• ­ The number of people living in back-breaking, soul-crushing extreme poverty has declined from 43 
percent of the world's population in 1990 to 33 percent by 2000 and then to 21 percent by 2010. Give it up 
for that. (Applause) Halved. Halved. 
• ­ Now, the rate is still too high -- still too many people unnecessarily losing their lives. There's still work 
to do. But it's heart-stopping. It's mind-blowing stuff. And if you live on less than $1.25 a day, if you live 
in that kind of poverty, this is not just data. This is everything. If you're a parent who wants the best for 
your kids -- this rapid transition is a route out of despair and into hope. And if the trajectory 
continues, look where the amount of people living on $1.25 a day gets to by 2030. BONO again: Can't be 
true, can it? That's what the data is telling us. If the trajectory continues, we get to, wow, the zero 
EFTA01188613
--- PAGE 5 ---
zone. For number-crunchers like us, that is the erogenous zone, and it's fair to say that I am, by 
now, sexually aroused by the collating of data. So virtual elimination of extreme poverty, as defined by 
people living on less than $1.25 a day, adjusted, of course, for inflation from a 1990 baseline. We do love a 
good baseline. That's amazing. 
• ­ Now I know that some of you think this progress is all in Asia or Latin America or model countries like 
Brazil -- and who doesn't love a Brazilian model? -- but look at sub-Saharan Africa. There's a collection of 
countries, some call them the lions, who in the last decade have had a combination of 100 percent debt 
cancellation, a tripling of aid, a tenfold increase in FDI -- that's foreign direct investment -- which has 
unlocked a quadrupling of domestic resources -- that's local money -- which, when spent wisely -- that's 
good governance -- cut childhood mortality by a third, doubled education completion rates, and they, too, 
halved extreme poverty, and at this rate, these 10 get to zero too. So the pride of lions is the proof of 
concept. 
BONO points out that although this trajectory is extremely encouraging, allot can happen to slow down this 
momentum toward zero. especially inertia. Bono says that we can't get this done if inertia overwhelms 
momentum. And the is jeopardy is the closer you get, the harder it gets. He says that we know the obstacles that 
are in our way. And that right now, in difficult times when money is tight, we have to fight for the life-saving 
programs that alleviate poverty around the world. We have to make politicians understand that cutting programs 
cost lives. 
BONO again says that the biggest disease of all is not a disease. It's corruption. And the best vaccine against 
corruption is transparency, open data and access to information ant that technology is really turbo-charging this 
as it is getting harder to hide if you're doing bad stuff. Citing another example: where across Uganda there is 
150,000 young people armed with 2G phones, creating a SMS social network exposing government 
corruption and demanding to know what's in the budget and how their money is being spent. 
BONO: "Look, once you have these tools, you can't not use them. Once you have this knowledge, you can't un-
know it. You can't delete this data from your brain, but you can delete the cliched image of supplicant, 
impoverished peoples not taking control of their own lives. You can erase that, you really can, because it's not 
true anymore." He points to Wael Ghonim, who set up the Facebook networks that focused on the grievances of 
the protesters in Tahir Square in Cairo who said, "We are going to win because we don't understand politics. 
We am going to win because we don't play their dirty games. We are going to win because we don't have a party 
political agenda. We are going to win because the tears that come from our eyes actually come from our hearts. 
We am going to win because we have dreams, and we're willing to stand up for those dreams. " Wael proved that 
working together as one (power of the people) is much stronger than the people in power and as a result people 
living in poverty today 
are doing better than ever. 
Last week was the 40th annual Conservative Political Action Conference. The three-day gathering held in 
National Harbor, Maryland, near Washington, D.C., brought a number of GOP all-stars including Mitt 
Romney, Michele Bachmann, Sarah Palin, Rick Santorum, Newt Gingrich, Allen West, Ann Coulter, Marco 
Rubio, Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Scott Walker, Jeb Bush and Donald Trump. As such almost all of the speeches 
slammed the President, his policies and congressional Democrats with the occasional jab and insult against 
Republicans, such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie who many felt was too cozy with President Obama 
during the Hurricane Sandy response. Ann Coulter fired off an insult about Gov. Christie, "Even CPAC had 
to cut back on its speakers this year about 300 pounds." And Christie wasn't the only target of Coulter's 
insults. She also criticized President Barack Obama and made eyebrow-raising remarks about Sandra 
Fluke's haircut while addressing birth control and the war on women. "That haircut is birth control 
enough," Coulter said of Fluke. Perhaps her most extreme criticism was directed at President Bill Clinton. 
"The keynote speaker at the Democrat National Convention this year was forcible rapist, Bill Clinton," 
EFTA01188614
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sen. Rand Paul won the 2013 Washington Times-CPAC presidential preference straw poll 
Saturday, and Sen. Marco Rubio was a close second, easily outdistancing the rest of the field and signaling 
the rise of a new generation of conservative leaders who will take the Republican Party into the 2016 
election. Mr. Paul won 25 percent of the vote, and Mr. Rubio collected 23 percent. Former Sen. Rick 
Santorum was third with just 8 percent, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie — who was not invited to speak at 
the three-day Conservative Political Action Conference — was next with 7 percent, and Rep. Paul D. Ryan, 
the GOP's vice presidential nominee last year, was fifth with 6 percent. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker 
collected 5 percent of the vote — good for sixth place. In one surprising result, political newcomer Dr. Ben 
Carson, a neurosurgeon whose speech at the National Prayer Breakfast earlier this year has become a 
conservative rallying point, came in seventh in the poll with 4 percent — tied with Sen. Ted Cruz. 
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush beseeched a gathering of conservatives in remarkably frank terms on Friday 
night to change the course of the Republican Party and to become a more diverse, welcoming and 
understanding party to minorities and low-income Americans. Bush challenged the audience that the GOP 
should "learn from past mistakes." "All too often we're associated with being 'anti everything," Bush said. 
"Way too many people believe Republicans are anti-immigrant, anti-woman, anti-science, anti-gay, anti-
worker, and the list goes on and on and on. Many voters are simply unwilling to choose our candidates even 
though they share our core beliefs, because those voters feel unloved, unwanted and unwelcome in our 
party." And Bush also threw cold water in the face of conservatives who espouse a strict up-by-the-
bootstraps doctrine of individual responsibility, and who ascribe failure only to personal failure. Life, he 
said, is increasingly more difficult for those who aren't born with built-in advantages. He also faulted the 
GOP for not caring about large swaths of the country, and said if that attitude remains, the right will forfeit 
its ability to influence the nation. 
But my real problem with CPAC is that there was not one speech that sort to reach out to the other side of 
the aisle, preferring to vilify Democrats, the President, other Republicans whom they don't feel 
conservative enough and anyone else who doesn't meet their ideology purity standard. When everyone in 
the room is only allowed to see red, they miss the fact that there is a spectrum of other colors. The same is 
true for ideas. And "there are none so blind as those who will not see." John Heywood 1546. I understand 
rallying the party faithful, but ridiculing and demonizing anyone who disagrees with you is not democracy 
and nor is it a way to govern. I suggest that politicians forget their parties and put people first. And 
although most of the speakers urged Republicans not to change but rather to double down on conservative 
principles with a tenor of nastiness against everyone and every idea that isn't theirs, there was also a 
glimmer of diversity as a result of the large number of young people reflecting the multiplicity of their 
generation. I realize that CPAC doesn't represent all Republicans but it is their nastiness and unwillingness 
to meet halfway that is pushing the government more and more into dysfunctionality. 
***** 
This week I watch and interesting documentary "The Oxycontin Express" on the Current TV 
Network. The film looks at the illegal side of prescription drugs in South Florida, because when allot 
of us think about prescription drug abuse we think of Jimi Hendrix, Elvis Presley, Anna Nicole Smith, 
Keith Ledger and Michael Jackson but the story of celebrity overdose overshadows a much larger 
issue, in the United States more people are abusing prescription medication than heroin, cocaine and 
ecstasy combined. And the drug of choice for a growing number of abusers is Oxycontin which is 
basically heroin made in a lab, which was developed by a pharmaceutical company to treat people in 
severe chronic pain, like terminally ill cancer patients but it has now become a part of a booming illicit 
trade in prescription pills and the heart of which was in South Florida. The source of these 
EFTA01188615
--- PAGE 7 ---
pills isn't some guy on the corner or a Columbia drug lord, it is a growing cottage industry of store-
front pain clinics. Doctors offices that legally dispense the drugs or as on police officer described, 
"drug dealers with degrees." Doctors in Florida prescribe Oxycontin at five times of the national 
average and the effect of this flood of pills is alarming and is being well felt beyond the Sunshine 
State's borders. 
The film starts with a mother describing her twenty-five year old son who died from an overdose of 
prescription pills and in the last two months of his life he was legally prescribed 1500 pills by a single 
doctor — although he had no illness. There was no examinations, MIRs or physical therapy — this 
doctor was just writing prescriptions for money. As the popularity of prescription drugs has surged the 
number of deaths caused by pills has also risen dramatically. In Florida pills are involved in 75% of all 
drug related deaths and on average eleven people die a day from prescription drug overdose. It is 
estimated that 20 percent of people in the United States have used prescription drugs for non-medical 
reasons. This is prescription drug abuse. It is a serious and growing problem. At the time of the 
making of the documentary — of the top 5o doctors dispensing Oxycontin in the United States, all 50 
were in the State of Florida and 33 of them were in Broward County. 
Opioids (such as the pain relievers OxyContin and Vicodin), central nervous system depressants (e.g., 
Xanax, Valium), and stimulants (e.g., Concerta, Adderall) are the most commonly abused prescription 
drugs. Medications available without a prescription—known as over-the-counter drugs—can also be 
abused. DXM (dextromethorphan), the active cough suppressant found in many over-the-counter 
cough and cold medications, is one example. It is sometimes abused to get high, which requires taking 
large and potentially dangerous doses (more than what is on the package instructions). 
Opioids 
Chemical Name (Brand Name) 
Street Names 
• Oxycodone (OxyContin, Percodan, Percocet) 
happy pills, vikes 
• Propoxyphene (Darvon) 
• Hydrocodone (Vicodin, Lortab, Lorcet) 
• Hydromorphone (Dilaudid) 
• Meperidine (Demerol) 
• Diphenoxylate (Lomotil) 
• Morphine (ICadian, Avinza, MS Contin) 
• Codeine 
• Fentanyl (Duragesic) 
• Methadone 
Depressants 
Hillbilly heroin, oxy, OC, oxycotton, percs, 
Chemical Name (Brand Name) 
Street Names 
• Barbiturates 
yellows, yellow jackets 
• Mephobarbital (Mebaral) 
• Sodium pentobarbital (Nembutal) 
• Benzodiazepines 
• Diazepam (Valium) 
• Alprazolam (Xanax) 
• Triazolam (Halcion) 
Barbs, reds, red birds, phennies, tooies, 
Candy, downers, sleeping pills, tranks 
EFTA01188616
--- PAGE 8 ---
• Estazolam (ProSom) 
• Clonazepam (Klonopin) 
• Lorazepam (Ativan) 
• Chlordiazepoxide hydrochloride (Librium) 
• Sleep Medications A-minus, zombie pills 
• Zolpidem (Ambien) 
• Zaleplon (Sonata) 
• Eszopiclone (Lunesta) 
Stimulants 
Chemical Name (Brand Name) 
Street Names 
• Dextroamphetamine (Dexedrine, Adderall) 
Skippy, the smart drug, Vitamin R, 
bennies, black beauties, roses, hearts, speed, uppers 
• Methylphenidate (Ritalin, Concerta) 
In order to battle the prescription drug epidemic, the Drug Enforcement Agency is also cracking down 
nationwide on the distribution of prescribed painkillers. Heavy monitoring of prescription 
dispensaries, from local pharmacies in small suburban areas to major chains like Walgreens, led to 
supply restriction and limited what pharmacists could distribute to patients. 
As of October 2011, 37 states implemented a prescription drug monitoring program (PDMP) to identify 
possible drug use and/or distribution abuse. A PDMP, which is not regulated by the DEA, collects data 
regarding the prescriptions dispensed in a given state. Eleven additional states have also executed 
legislation to implement a PDMP. Moving forward, the challenge for policy and healthcare 
professionals seems to lie in balancing the monitoring of prescription drugs without infringing on 
patient privacy and not allowing restrictions to affect those who have legitimate need for medication. 
Still there is a prescription drug epidemic in American and it is still growing. And like with gun deaths, 
this trend is not going to change until prescription drugs are better regulated and the doctors who 
dispense these pills like drug dealers are treated like their "drug dealer" counterparts in Columbia, 
Mexico and South Central. 
One of the big uglys in America is its prison system. We have less than 5% of the world's population 
and25% of the prisoners (for two main reasons, the drug war and greed) as we privatized a large part 
of our prison system making it a huge business with prisoners as customers. America has the highest 
rate of incarceration in the world, follow by Russia and Rwanda.... We are #1.... and ranking that we 
should not be proud. 70% of prisoners are clinically considered to be addicts and of those people on 
n% are treated for their addiction. There is a great study by Columbia University that Joe Califano did 
that said that if you treat people behind bars for their addiction, continue out patient, keep them in 
sober housing end employ them, you will drop their level because the major reason why they continue 
to engage in criminal behavior is because of their addition. Today 66% of the people who get out of 
jail commit another serious felony within three years. Instead of treating them, we put addicts in 
prisons with some of our badest criminals and expect them to somehow not be affected. And not only 
are the court system incarcerating poor people who are into drugs, the largest growing part of the 
prison system right now is immigration detention centers. Because the recognize that these are 
individuals who don't have a voice, they don't have representation and they're easy money. We are 
currently spending $74 billion on the prison complex and only $600 million of this is going to 
treatment. We need to move the money from incarceration into treatment to change the paradigm. 
Our prison system is a moral cancer on our nation, especially since many young boys and girls join 
gangs to survive both in the streets and in prisons. And the craziest thing out our prison system, is that 
EFTA01188617
--- PAGE 9 ---
nobody works.... We have to put people to work in prison so that they can develop a skill set beyond 
their criminal past and a new sense of dignity. 
THIS WEEK's READING 
This week in the New York Times Gretchen Morgenson wrote — JPMorgan's Follies, for All to See — the 
writer provides an overview on the 307-page Senate report detailing last year's $6.2 billion trading fiasco at 
JPMorgan Chase that was recently released, suggesting that the Dodd-Frank legislation which was supposed to 
make our system safe from the kinds of reckless banking activities that brought the economy to its knees if a 
mirage and as such the financial system, thanks to dissembling traders and bumbling regulators, is at greater risk 
than you know. Its pages of e-mails, testimony, telephone transcripts and analysis show that traders in the bank's 
chief investment officer hid money-losing derivatives positions, if only temporarily; that risk limits created by 
the bank to protect itself were exceeded routinely; that risk models were changed to minimize losses; that bank 
executives misled investors and the public; and that regulations are only as good as the regulators enforcing 
them. Remember that this is a report examining JPMorgan Chase, the bank that enjoys the best reputation 
among its peers. Morgenson: One can only wonder: if JPMorgan Chase traders think nothing of misrepresenting 
the value of their trades to minimize losses, what are the financial world's lesser players up to? 
Morgenson writes that he hearings on Friday were equally compelling, with Mr. Levin and John McCain, the 
Arizona Republican who is the subcommittee's ranking minority member, subjecting current and former 
JPMorgan executives, including Ina Drew, the former head of the chief investment officer, to penetrating and 
pointed questions. "Besides the traders who mismarlced the book, who should be held accountable for breaching 
JPMorgan's own internal risk limits and adjusting its risk models?" Mr. McCain asked of Douglas L. 
Braunstein, vice chairman at the bank. After Mr. Braunstein cited the significant reductions in compensation of 
JPMorgan executives as one measure of accountability, Mr. McCain replied: "It's hard for me to accept that 
serious responsibility was assumed by the top management of JPMorgan especially in light of e-mails that say 
that these decisions were, according to Ms. Drew, fully discussed and vetted by the top management of 
JPMorgan." Hoping to understand JPMorgan's practice of relaxing its valuation method on the troubled 
investment portfolio, Mr. Levin asked of Mr. Braunstein: "Is it common for JPMorgan to change its pricing 
practices when losses start to pile up in order to minimize the losses?" After a bit of back and forth, Mr. 
Braunstein said: "No, that is not acceptable practice." 
RISK limits, intended to protect the bank from losses, were also routinely breached at JPMorgan Chase, the 
report found. From late 2011 to the first quarter of 2012, Senate investigators saw a huge jump in the number of 
risk-limit breaches — to more than 170, from 6. Then, in April 2012 alone, risk limits were exceeded 160 times. 
"Should someone have investigated the risky trading activities that triggered all these breaches?" Mr. Levin 
asked. Yes, but no one did, the report concluded. The risk limits were either ignored or modified to make the 
portfolio look better. The Senate report also raises questions about the rigor with which JPMorgan conducted its 
own investigation into the trading loss. That report was published in January.Mr. Levin cited the internal report's 
failings in his questioning of Michael Cavanagh, a task force member and co-C.E.O. of JPMorgan's corporate 
and investment bank. "You just told us that shifting pricing practices to minimize losses is not acceptable," Mr. 
Levin said. "Did you say that in your report? Did you say that's what happened?" I don ' believe we called that 
out in the report," Mr. Cavanagh answered. The report recommends what regulators should do to prevent 
similar events at other banks. It suggests that regulators should be on the lookout for manipulation of an 
institution's risk models and should encourage banks to use independent pricing services to ensure the integrity 
of valuations. 
Morgenson says that the true value in this Senate investigation is its spotlight on the ability of bank executives to 
hide hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and yet survive internal valuation reviews. This "shows how 
imprecise, undisciplined, and open to manipulation the current process is for valuing credit derivatives," the 
report said. JPMorgan, don't forget, is the largest derivatives dealer in the world. Trillions of dollars in such 
instruments sit on its and other big banks' balance sheets. The ease with which the bank hid losses and fiddled 
EFTA01188618
--- PAGE 10 ---
with valuations should be a major concern to investors. As for taxpayers, the Senate report clearly indicates that 
JPMorgan Chase is too big to regulate. The report found that the bank failed to provide crucial portfolio data to 
its regulators at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and that those regulators did not investigate 
questionable trading at the bank. The overseers accepted the bank's assurances that nothing was amiss. The 
universal acceptance today is that banks of JPMorgan's size are also too big to be allowed to fail and too big to 
prosecute. Such banks are too big to regulate and apparently too big to manage. So how much more evidence do 
we need that banks like JPMorgan are simply too big a risk for taxpayers to bear.... 
Moving forward, the GOP needs to change, well, everything. That is the gist of the Grow and 
Opportunity Project, a 100-page report outlining the Republican National Committee's 
recommendations on how to revitalize the party by 2016. RNC chairman Reince Priebus said the 
report makes it clear that "there's no one reason we lost" the election. "Our message was weak; our 
ground game was insufficient; we weren't inclusive; we were behind in both data and digital; our 
primary and debate process needed improvement." Specifically, the party needs to make inroads with 
women, young voters, and minorities, especially Hispanics. The RNC's 100-page report, the "Growth 
and Opportunity Project," culled data from more than 52,000 contacts with voters, party 
consultants and elected officials, it calls for drastic changes to almost every major element of the 
modern Republican Party. "When Republicans lost in November, it was a wake-up call. And in 
response I initiated the most public and most comprehensive post-election review in the history of any 
national party, " Priebus said Monday morning at the National Press Club. "As it makes clear, 
there's no one reason we lost. Our message was weak; our ground game was insufficient; we 
weren't inclusive; we were behind in both data and digital; our primary and debate process needed 
improvement." 
In essence, the report argues for a more data-driven Republican Party in which the RNC assumes 
increased authority for party-building efforts. The report calls for increased outreach to women, young 
voters and minorities — especially Hispanics. The document acknowledges the GOP's policy on 
immigration has become a "litmus test" for what will be a key constituency necessary for the party's 
success in the next four years and beyond. "We are not a policy committee, but among the steps 
Republicans take in the Hispanic community and beyond, we must embrace and champion 
comprehensive immigration reform," the report says, nodding at other points to the bipartisan reform 
efforts currently before Congress. "If we do not, our Party's appeal will continue to shrink to its core 
constituencies only." The report also notes a growing generational divide on the issue of gay rights, 
calling the issue a "gateway" for young voters deciding whether to align with the GOP. "We can't grow 
the party by division and subtraction," Priebus said during a question-and-answer session at the press 
club. "We can only build it by addition and multiplication." Its top recurring theme arguably involves 
building a robust Republican data infrastructure, and applying a commitment to testing and analysis 
of almost every operation of the RNC, in addition to the obvious social issues. 
Priebus is advised to hire a chief technology officer and digital officer by the end of April, and give 
them wide latitude to inform aspects of the party from fundraising to media strategy and messaging 
and beyond. "Those teams will work together to integrate their respective areas throughout the RNC 
and provide a data-driven focus for the rest of the organization," Priebus said. "And they will be the 
new center of gravity within the organization." The GOP's digital revamp — as with most of the other 
elements of the report — was prompted by the Obama campaign's far more sophisticated operation in 
2012. Many of the reforms proposed by the Growth and Opportunity Project, however, will encounter 
stiff resistance in corners of the Republican Party and broader conservative movement — because of a 
deep distrust of the official GOP among the grassroots. Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin encapsulated 
the sentiment during her speech on Saturday before the Conservative Political Action 
Conference. 'Wow is the time to furlough the consultants, and tune out the pollsters, send the focus 
groups home, and toss the political scripts," she said, "because if we truly know what we believe, we 
EFTA01188619
--- PAGE 11 ---
don't need professionals to tell us." And some of the report's declarations are sure to ruffle feathers on 
the Right. The report says bluntly at one point that "third-party groups that promote purity are 
hurting our electoral prospects," an indirect reference to groups like the Club for Growth, which has 
promoted challenges to Republicans regarded as more electable who are accused of transgressing 
against conservative principle. 
***** 
As former Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell said to Chris Matthews on Hardball this week, "Fm just 
wondering, why would a political party believe that a new PR strategy would cover up for its policies?" 
Continuing, "It makes no sense at all. First of all, their policies are bankrupt. They're the exact same — and 
they haven't changed their policies a bit, Chris. You see Republican state legislators pushing virulent anti-
abortion bills that are just clearly unconstitutional, clearly punitive to women, no exceptions for incest and rape, 
things that voters rejected the last time dramatically. They're still -- they don't get it about income inequality in 
this comity. They're still pushing for budgets that give huge tax breaks to the rich and stick it to pow• people, 
people who are vulnerable . They haven't changed their policies a bit. No packaging, no marketing can change 
that. And then they've got the additional problem of the CPAC convention, where you've got the wacko factor at 
work, where eve?), independent voter, moderate Republican, conservative Democrat who looks at that sideshow -
- and it was a sideshow.." 
The GOP problem of alienating more and more Americans is not due to mechanics.... as 
much as it is their message. Think about it, Donald Trump's solution to solve the immigration 
issue: "When it comes to immigration, you know that the ii million illegals, even if given the right to 
vote -- you know, you 're going to have to do what 's right, but the fact is, LI million people will be 
voting Democratic. Why aren't we letting people in from Europe? I have many friends, many, many 
friends, and nobody wants to talk this, nobody wants to say it." Basically he is saying that, WE want 
to have a country that's specifically aimed at white people and we want to keep it white, and that's the 
goal of this place, is to be white. The reason why Republicans lost the 2012 election wasn't because 
people didn't understand they message. In fact, I say the opposite. Black's clearly understood that 
voter ID laws were being pushed by Republicans to suppress the African American vote. Latinos 
clearly understood that Romney's self-deportation remedy was not an invitation to citizenship. The 
elderly clearly understood that voucherizing Medicare will not better healthcare for them. The 
GOP's advocating cutting Pell Grants did not endear the GOP to the young. And gays should feel at 
home in the GOP as much as I would be in the Ku Klux Klan. The truth is that Twitter, Facebook and 
other forms of social media only works 
when the message is the right message. 
Unlike with mass media where the classic rules for the evening broadcasts and the morning papers, 
based partly on data (ratings and circulation) and partly on the gut instincts of producers and editors. 
Wars, earthquakes, plagues, floods, fires, sick children, murdered spouses — the more suffering and 
mayhem, the more coverage — BAD NEWS SELLS. If it bleeds, it leads. No news is good news, and 
good news is no news — Social Media works on totally different principals. Researchers analyzing 
word-of-mouth communication — e-mails, Web posts and reviews, face-to-face conversations — found 
that it tended to be more positive than negative, but that didn't necessarily mean people preferred 
positive news. To test for that possibility, Dr. Berger looked at how people spread a particular set of 
news stories: thousands of articles on The New York Times's Web site. He and Katherine Milkman, a 
Penn colleague, analyzed the "most e-mailed"list for six months, controlling for factors like how much 
display an article received in different parts of the home page.One of his first findings to be reported —
which I still consider the most important social-science discovery of the past century — was that 
EFTA01188620
--- PAGE 12 ---
articles and columns in the Science section were much more likely to make the list than nonscience 
articles. He found that science aroused feelings of awe and made Times readers want to share this 
positive emotion with others. 
Readers also tended to share articles that were exciting or funny, or that inspired negative emotions 
like anger or anxiety, but not articles that left them merely sad. They needed to be aroused one way or 
the other, and they preferred good news to bad. The more positive an article, the more likely it was to 
be shared, as Dr. Berger explains in his new book, "Contagious: Why Things Catch On." "Stories 
about newcomers falling in love with New York City,"he writes, were more likely to be e-mailed than 
"pieces that detailed things like the death of a popular zookeeper." Debbie Downer is apparently no 
match for Polly Positive, at least among Times readers. This social consciousness comes into play 
when people are sharing information about their favorite subject of all: themselves. 
This is 
intrinsically pleasurable and activates the brain regions associated with rewards like food, as 
demonstrated in a study by Diana Tamir and Jason Mitchell of Harvard. In fact, the study showed, it's 
so pleasurable that people will pass up monetary rewards for the chance to talk about themselves. Past 
research into everyday conversation showed that a third of it is devoted to oneself, but today that topic 
has become an obsession thanks to social media. Rutgers researchers classify 8o percent of Twitter 
users as "meformers" who tweet mainly about themselves. 
The result is even more Polly Positivity, and not just because people are so adept at what psychologists 
call self-presentation: pointing out one's own wonderfulness. While people have always said nice 
things about themselves in traditional conversations and saved the nastier comments for others, today 
they're more diligent in spreading the word through written media like e-mail, Facebook and Twitter. 
"In most oral conversations, we don't have time to think about exactly the right thing to say," Dr. 
Berger explains. "We fill conversational spaces by saying what's top of mind. But when you write 
something, you have the time to construct and refine what you say, so it involves more self-
presentation." Experiments have shown that people say more positive things when they're talking to a 
bigger audience, rather than just one person — a result that helps explain the relentlessly perfect 
vacations that keep showing up on Facebook. 
For more information please feel free to read John 
Tiemey's article in the New York Times - Good News Beats Bad on Social Networks. 
Although overshadowed by the financial problems in Spain Italy and Greece, few people took notice 
about the financial problems in Cyprus other than the Cypriots and their bankers. So when the major 
banks tried to force a tax on saving accounts in Cyprus's banks as a condition for a European bailout, it 
was overwhelmingly rejected. EU countries said before the vote that they would withhold 10 billion 
euros ($12.9 billion) in bailout loans unless depositors in Cyprus, including small savers, shared the 
cost of the rescue; the European Central Bank had threatened to end emergency lending assistance for 
teetering Cypriot banks, which were hard hit by the financial crisis in neighboring Greece. Stunned by 
the backlash, euro zone finance ministers urged Nicosia on Monday to avoid taxing accounts below 
100,000 euros, and instead increase the levy on big accounts, which have always been unprotected by 
the state deposit guarantee. One of the problems with this solution is that Cyprus is a tax haven for 
rich people from other European nations as well as rich Russian, causing Cypriot Finance Minister 
Michael Sarris flew to Moscow on Tuesday to seek Russian financial assistance. 
Newly elected President Nicos Anastasiades has continued to resist raising the levy on big deposits -
many held by rich Russians - fearing for the island's business model and reputation as an offshore 
financial haven. He asked the EU for more aid during a telephone conversation with German 
Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday. Some Cypriots hope they could instead get aid from Russia, 
which has bailed out Cyprus in the past. Many Russians keep their money in Cyprus and operate 
businesses from there. Government spokesman Christos Stylianides said Anastasiades might also 
EFTA01188621
--- PAGE 13 ---
speak to Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has called the deposit levy "unfair, unprofessional and 
dangerous". Russian authorities have denied that the Kremlin might offer more money, possibly in 
return for a future stake in Cyprus's large but as yet undeveloped offshore gas reserves, which have 
raised the island's strategic importance. An influx of Russian money and influence since the collapse 
of the Soviet Union has led some Brussels officials to complain privately that Cyprus acts at times as a 
"Trojan donkey" for Moscow inside the European Union since it joined in 2004. Stunned Cypriots 
emptied cash machines over the weekend and banks are to remain shut on Tuesday and Wednesday to 
avoid a bank run. The island's stock exchange also suspended trading for another two days. ($1= 
0.776o euros). 
The big ugly is that if this can happen in Cyprus with 800,000 people, (where Russians hold 
approximately half of Cyprus' $go billion deposits, more than five times its $17 billion GDP), it can 
happen everywhere, One reason is bank leverage. From leverage ratios of $4-5 of assets to $i of 
capital in the 1920s, banks leveraged themselves ad infinitum, having leverage ratios of $10-12 of debt 
to $i of capital in the Pros, and up to $30 of assets to $i of capital in 2008. Even today, after de-
leveraging, J.P. Morgan Chase, in many ways the most solid of the big banks, had assets of $2,359 
billion at the end of 2012 and tangible equity of only $146 billion -- or a ratio of 16.2 to 1. As recently 
as 2010, JPM's leverage was 19.3 to 1. At these levels, the dangers that kind of leverage is beyond 
obvious. 
Should bank insurance lose its trust, given their current absurd levels of leverage (which are of course 
encouraged by Ben Bernanke's money printing) investors/depositors won't be able to rely on the 
banks not to go bust. And when savers no longer have a solid place in which to put their money, we 
will have undone the financial revolution of the last 300 years, and returned to a world in which 
Samuel Pepys didn't trust the local goldsmith, so buried most of his wealth in the back garden. 
Needless to say, that won't do much for small business - the entire flow of finance will seize up 
altogether. In the greater scheme of things Cyprus is a tiny part of the greater problem, because by just 
leveling a 15% one-time tax on its large depositors would raise the 5.8 million euros that the EU is 
demanding. But the real solution is to make the big international lenders accountable and stop 
politicians from imposing punitive policies on people who had the least to do in creating the problem. 
This week the New York Times in an Editorial - Taxing Savers in Cyprus — Any tax on 
smaller accounts would set a terrible precedent. Savers in other troubled economies like Italy, Spain 
and Greece are now justifiably worried that their deposits may someday also be stripped of protection. 
European leaders have said that taking money from Cypriot bank deposits is a singular event, but this 
assurance will ring hollow in light of their poor track record in dealing with the euro crisis. The plan 
has now given savers in Spain, Italy and other countries incentive to withdraw money from their 
national banks or move it out of the country if they have offshore accounts. Imposing a bigger tax on 
deposits of more than 100,00o euros would not have the same ripple effect on confidence. A large 
percentage of those deposits belong to Russian businessmen, some of whom have reportedly laundered 
money through the island's banks. These sophisticated investors were well aware of the risks they were 
taking by putting their money in offshore accounts, and Cyprus should not try to protect them at the 
expense of local depositors. 
Cypriot officials created this catastrophe by relying on a lightly regulated banking industry to drive up 
its growth rate while encouraging foreigners to use the island as a tax haven. European officials also 
deserve blame for not requiring more capital in euro-zone banks and for not anticipating the 
consequences of lowering the value of Greek bonds. They should not add to those mistakes with a 
punitive package that is disastrously counterproductive. More importantly, these huge European 
Banks who in good times act as Masters of the Universe are the co-creators of this catastrophe, taking 
huge salaries and bonuses doing the good times, so if anyone should have a tax levied on their wealth it 
EFTA01188622
--- PAGE 14 ---
should be them and their shareholders and not the locals or who were not part of the decision process. 
For more information please feel free to read the attached Reuters article written by. Michele ICambas 
and 'Carolina Tagaris - Cyprus lawmakers reject bank tax; bailout in disarray. 
In 2003, President George W. Bush and Paul Wolfowitz, the deputy defense secretary, used the attacks 
on Sept. 11, 2001, to wage pre-emptive war against Saddam Hussein and a nuclear arsenal that did not 
exist. They promised a `free and peaceful Iraq" that would be a model of democracy and stability in 
the Arab world. While no one laments Saddam's passing and violence is down from peak war levels, 
the country is fragile, with grave tensions between Sunnis and Shiites and Arabs and Kurds that could 
yet erupt into civil war or tear the state apart. A State Department travel warning last month described 
Iraq as dangerous, with numerous insurgents, including Al Qaeda in Iraq, still active, and said 
Americans were "at risk for kidnapping and terrorist violence." On Tuesday, a wave of car bombings 
and other attacks in Baghdad killed more than 50 people and wounded nearly 200. Yet none of the 
Bush administration's war architects have been called to account for their mistakes, and even now, 
many are invited to speak on policy issues as if they were not responsible for one of the worst strategic 
blunders in American foreign policy. In a video posted recently by the conservative American 
Enterprise Institute, Mr. Wolfowitz said he still believed the war was the right thing to do. Will he and 
his partners ever have the humility to admit that it was wrong to prosecute this war? 
So a decade after the invasion in Iraq to overthrow Saddam Hussein there were no Iraqi celebration, 
no bombs bursting in the air, no independence parties, just another day. The cost of the war reported 
by the government up till now is around $2.2 trillion and will continue to grow for the next 50 to 60 
years. The government reported it is likely to rise to about $35 trillion by 2050 caring for our veterans 
and the interest it is costing to pay back the money for the war. 
In an editorial this week in the New York Times - Ten Years After — it concludes that although 
the war still haunts the United States with lessons learned about the limits of American leadership and 
power, but they seem to fade when it comes to Iran. Many of the conservatives who strongly supported 
the charge into Iraq are fanning calls for United States military action to prevent Iran from acquiring a 
nuclear weapon. President Obama has also been threatening "all options" if negotiations to curb Iran's 
ambitions are not successful, and many lawmakers seem ready to take action against Iran soon. The 
Iraq war was unnecessary, costly and damaging on every level. It was based on faulty intelligence 
manipulated for ideological reasons. The terrible human and economic costs over the past 10 years 
show why that must never happen again. 
Echoing this sentiment, is The Last Letter written by dying Iraqi veteran Tomas Young to 
George W. Bush and Dick Cheney. It opens with: I write this letter on the loth anniversary of the 
Iraq War on behalf of my fellow Iraq War veterans. I write this letter on behalf of the 4,488 soldiers 
and Marines who died in Iraq. I write this letter on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of veterans 
who have been wounded and on behalf of those whose wounds, physical and psychological, have 
destroyed their lives. I am one of those gravely wounded. I was paralyzed in an insurgent ambush 
in 2004 in Sadr City. My life is coming to an end. I am living under hospice care. 
Ending with: I would not be writing this letter i f I had been wounded fighting in Afghanistan 
against those forces that carried out the attacks of 9/11. Had I been wounded there I would still be 
miserable because of my physical deterioration and imminent death, but I would at least have the 
comfort of knowing that my injuries were a consequence of my own decision to defend the country I 
love. I would not have to lie in my bed, my body filled with painkillers, my life ebbing away, and 
deal with the fact that hundreds of thousands of human beings, including children, including myself, 
were sacrificed by you for little more than the greed of oil companies, for your alliance with the oil 
sheiks in Saudi Arabia, and your insane visions of empire. I have, like many other disabled veterans, 
EFTA01188623
--- PAGE 15 ---
suffered from the inadequate and often inept care provided by the Veterans Administration. I have, 
like many other disabled veterans, come to realize that our mental and physical wounds are of no 
interest to you, perhaps of no interest to any politician. We were used. We were betrayed. And we 
have been abandoned. You, Mr. Bush, make much pretense of being a Christian. But isn't lying a 
sin? Isn't murder a sin? Aren't theft and selfish ambition sins? I am not a Christian. But I believe in 
the Christian ideal. I believe that what you do to the least of your brothers you finally do to yourself, 
to your own soul. My day of reckoning is upon me. Yours will come. I hope you will be put on trial. 
But mostly I hope, for your sakes, that you find the moral courage to face what you have done to me 
and to many, many others who deserved to live. I hope that before your time on earth ends, as mine 
is now ending, you will find the strength of character to stand before the American public and the 
world, and in particular the Iraqi people, and beg for forgiveness. 
This week writing for Bloomberg, Ezra Klein - Mistakes, Excuses and Painful Lessons 
From the Iraq War, points out the obvious. 
I. First, listen to the arguments of the people who will actually carry out a project, not the 
arguments of the people who just want to see the project carried out. Who manages a project can 
be as important as what the project is. 
2. Second, don't trust what "everybody knows." There is, perhaps, nothing more dangerous than a 
fact that everyone thinks they know, because it shuts down critical thinking. 
3. Third, the people who are most persuasive aren't necessarily the people who are actually right. 
Argument is a skill. Authority is a position. Trusting too much in either can lead you astray. 
4. Fourth, the U.S. military is a blunt and limited instrument. Tasks that require it to stray far 
outside its core competence, such as rebuilding societies rather than destroying them, are 
projects that aren't likely to go well. 
As a young and impressionable college student at the time Klein said that he thought that if U.S. 
President George W. Bush and Secretary of State Colin Powell and former President Bill Clinton and 
U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair all thought that the second war in Iraq was necessary, then that was 
because they had intelligence proving as much. He thought there was no way the Bush administration 
would neglect to plan for the obvious challenges of the aftermath. I As such he turned on the war 
quickly when he saw how poorly and arrogantly it was being managed. And he believes that the core 
of his support for the war was an analytical failure: Rather than looking at the war that was actually 
being sold, he like others invented his own Iraq war to support -- an Iraq war with different aims, 
promoted by different people, conceptualized in a different way and bearing little resemblance to the 
project proposed by the Bush administration. In particular, he supported Kenneth Pollack's Iraq war. 
In 2002, Pollack, a Persian Gulf expert who'd worked at the Central Intelligence Agency and the 
National Security Council, published "The Threatening Storm: The Case for Invading Iraq." 
Pollack's argument, in short, was that Saddam Hussein was an unusually reckless, cruel and self-
deluded dictator who either had weapons of mass destruction or was very close to attaining them. His 
past, which included catastrophic wars with Iran and Kuwait, murderous rampages against his own 
people, erratic personal behavior and a clear aspiration toward regional hegemony, suggested that 
he wasn't the sort of tyrant who could be contained or reasoned with, and so Pollack's reluctant, 
unhappy conclusion was that he was the sort of tyrant who must be stopped before the right weaponry 
made him unstoppable. 
Although much of this may have had a seed of truth it 
definitely wasn't enough reason to start a war that would result in the death of more than 200,000 
people, displacing millions more, costing trillions of dollars and destabilizing the entire Middle East in 
favor to our sworn enemy Iran. 
EFTA01188624
--- PAGE 16 ---
This week in The Huffington Post, Amanda Terkel wrote - Washington Post Editorial Page 
Misses Iraq War Anniversary - that in the months leading up to the Iraq War, The 
Washington Post ran 27 editorials in favor of invasion, while on 10-year anniversary of the war, it 
has yet to print any editorials or columns on the subject. Media outlets have been publishing their Iraq 
War anniversary coverage on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week, since Americans learned that the 
U.S. invaded Iraq the night of March 19. The New York Times, for example, centered its coverage 
on Wednesday, with several op-eds on Iraq and an editorial looking back. But so far, The 
Washington Post editorial page hasn't run a single column or editorial addressing the war. In an 
email to The Huffington Post, Fred Hiatt, The Washington Post's editorial page editor, said 
there will be "a couple of pieces coming this week." The second Iraq War is in the pantheon of US 
policy mistakes, on the level of Vietnam and for The Washington Post to not retract its support and 
ignore the immenseness of the lies, deception of this mistake, is an indication that many in mass media 
is either involved in a cover-up or totally ignorant of their responsibility of being part of a free press. 
Echoing this fact is another article in The Huffington Post by Michael Calderone — Iraq War 
Media Failure Can Happen Again. With the 10-year anniversary of the Iraq invasion on 
Tuesday, journalists are again reminded -- and reminding each other in first-person essays -- of the 
media debacle a decade ago. But while there's a tendency to look back on the pre-Iraq media drumbeat 
as a post-9/11 aberration, a number of the same institutional forces exist today that could combine for 
a similar media-driven rush to war. 
And although a number of journalists rightly scrutinized the Bush administration's claims a decade 
ago, some of the same potential pitfalls exist when covering current issues surrounding war, drones 
and military intervention. Reporters need to remain vigilant when speaking with government sources -
- especially when doing so under the condition of anonymity. As The Washington Post's Walter 
Pincus, whose more skeptical coverage often ran in the back of the paper a decade ago, recently said 
he's concerned that reporters Tall so much in love with quoting people that we don't analyze what it 
is they're saying." And again.... If we don't own up to our previous mistakes and journalist don't do 
their job of analyzing the facts and the evidence we will end up in an unnecessary military foray with 
North Korea or Iran based on deception and lies at a cost unknown to our politicians and the public. 
As many of you know, I have been a strong supporter of the new leadership in Libya. And last month 
marked the second anniversary of eruptions in Benghazi that led to the overthrow of 41 years under 
the tyranny at the hands of Muammar Qaddafi. And although progress has been slow and the culture 
of genuine democratic give and take remains absent, the country is definitely on its way to greater 
prosperity, employment, healthcare and freedom.. Currently, Libya presents mixed indicators. This 
month, the IMF stated that Libyan economic growth in 2012 exceeded 100 percent and that non-
hydrocarbon growth is expected to average 15 percent per annum until 2018. On the other hand, on 
March 5 the General National Congress (GNC) -- Libya's elected parliament -- was again stormed by 
militant demonstrators. They held the Congress under siege, demanding an immediate vote to ban all 
officials who served the Qadhafi regime from holding government office. As two term President of 
South Africa, Thabo Mbeki once explained to me, what was his biggest obstacle moving forward —
managing expectation of the black majority who naively expected these benefits to be served on a silver 
platter the day after Nelson Mandela took office. America and other Western powers who sent jets 
spearheaded the international effort to halt Muammar Qadhafi's assault on Benghazi by enforcing a 
No-Fly Zone over Libya is just a first step of many. 
EFTA01188625
--- PAGE 17 ---
Writing in The Huffington Post this week, Jason Pack and Mustafa Abushagur wrote — Libya: 
Two Years Later - that Western governments and business can play an essential role. Police 
trainers and capacity building professionals should descend on Libya as part of a coordinated 
multilateral effort to follow through on international commitments to the Libyan people. Just as 
American technology was needed to enforce the No-Fly Zone, American acumen and experience is now 
needed to help train Libya's army and develop its command and control structures. Simultaneously to 
the government to government dimension, American businessmen should flock to events where high-
level Libyan officials, private sector entrepreneurs, and experts in the legal and security challenges of 
operating in Libya will come together under one roof to explain to foreign companies how they can 
enter and prosper in the Libyan market. 
Western powers should see Libya as part of a coordinated multilateral effort to follow through on 
international commitments to the Libyan people. Just as American technology was needed to enforce 
the No-Fly Zone, American acumen and experience is now needed to help train Libya's army and 
develop its command and control structures. Simultaneously to the government to government 
dimension, American businessmen should flock to events where high-level Libyan officials, private 
sector entrepreneurs, and experts in the legal and security challenges of operating in Libya will come 
together under one roof to explain to foreign companies how they can enter and prosper in the Libyan 
market. Across North Africa, the ultimate challenge remains to treat the underlying cause of the 
revolutions: the opportunity deficit for young people. In Libya, project spending has remained mostly 
stagnant because the security situation has not permitted international companies to return. The 
resumption of major infrastructure projects and the establishing of genuine partnerships with Libyan 
entrepreneurs will create the jobs required for young people to abandon their guns and replace them 
with laptops and screwdrivers. Putting the current situation in its proper historical perspective 
provides both scope for patience and realistic assumptions about future progress. Rome wasn't built in 
a day. 
In the first day since Newtown 37 children died as a result of gun violence. In the first week after the Newtown, 
Conn., massacre on Dec. 14, more than 100 people in the U.S. were killed by guns. In the first seven weeks, that 
number had risen to at least 1,285 gunshot killings and accidental deaths. A little more than three months after 
Newtown, there have been 2,243. The Huffington Post has recorded every gun-involved murder and accidental 
shooting death reported in U.S. news media since Newtown, revealing an epidemic that shows no signs of 
abating. The horrors cannot be contained behind yellow police tape or find resolution in a courtroom. For the 
victim's families, the grief deforms all it touches. There's the fear that the radio will play her favorite ballad. An 
airplane overhead, like the kind he flew, will strike panic. Home is not safe. One month, two months, two years, 
nine years since those fatal shots -- the grief never leaves. See attached article in The Huffington Post -- One 
Nation Under The Dun Deaths Since Newtown. 
Much like when President Reagan and James Brady were shot 32 years ago, in the aftermath of Newtown there 
was much talk about enacting laws that might reduce this type of gun violence. People initial talked about 
banning assault weapons, extended ammunition magazine clips and enacting universal back ground check, to 
make it more difficult for felons, mental disturbed people and others in domestic violence situations. As of 
yesterday, more than 2443 young people died as a result of gun violence since the Newtown massacre 98 days 
ago. 
As Congress and legislatures across the country debate new gun legislation, pro-gun advocates respond by 
arguing that more restrictions do nothing to keep guns out of the wrong hands or to reduce gun violence. 
True, no law will stop all gun- related violence. However, research published online in the medical journal 
JAMA Internal Medicine shows that states with the most gun control laws generally had the lowest rates of death 
by firearms. The study compared gun laws in the 50 states against the number of suicides and homicides 
committed with firearms between 2007 through 2010. The researchers noted there were 73,702 suicides with 
EFTA01188626
--- PAGE 18 ---
firearms between 2007 and 2010, and 47,382 homicides. The overall firearm fatality rate was 9.9 for every 
100,000 people per year. Louisiana, a state with few gun restrictions, had the highest firearm fatality rate, 17.9 
per 100,000 population. Hawaii, a state with strict gun laws, had the lowest rate, 2.9 firearm deaths per 100,000 
people. California, judged to have the second most restrictive firearm laws after Massachusetts during the study 
period, had eight firearm deaths - four suicides and four homicides - for every 100,000 population. Nevada, a 
state with few restrictions, had almost 15 firearm-related deaths for every 100,000 residents, including the fourth 
highest rate of suicide of any state. Arizona, another state with few restrictions, had 13.6 firearm deaths for every 
100,000 people. 
On Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) announced that the full Senate will soon begin 
considering a package of gun-related bills, including a proposal to expand background checks. (Under current 
law, gun sales that don't involve licensed dealers are exempt from checks.) This signaled that stronger gun 
control measures such as a ban on assault-style weapons and high-capacity magazines, expanding the 
background check requirement, and stricter gun trafficking laws. 
Obviously watered-down gun control 
legislation is going to little if anything to reduce gun-violence death. We know from experience that when you 
don't allow passengers to bring weapons on airplanes, it reduces if not eliminates aircraft high-jacking. So if we 
were serious about reducing death by gun violence we have to enact serious gun control laws. And with more 
than 2500 deaths due to gun violence in less than 100 days since the Newtown massacre, there should be a moral 
outrage by each and every American and our politicians in both major political parties should be ashamed. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." 
Confucius 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week I would like to share my favorite musicians of "my generation" who provided the soul, spirit and 
consience of Black culture for your people in the 1970s until his death on May 27, 2011. Gilbert "Gil" Scott-
Heron born on April 1, 1949 was an American soul and jazz poet, musician, and author, known primarily for his 
work as a spoken word performer in the 1970s and '80s. His collaborative efforts with musician Brian Jackson 
featured a musical fusion of jazz, blues, and soul, as well as lyrical content concerning social and political issues 
of the time, delivered in both rapping and melismatic vocal styles by Scott-Heron. His own term for himself was 
"bluesologist", which he defined as "a scientist who is concerned with the origin of the blues." His music, most 
notably on Pieces of a Man and Winter in America in the early 1970s, influenced and helped engender later 
African-American music genres such as hip hop and neo soul. Besides influencing contemporary musicians, 
Scott-Heron remained active until his death, and in 2010 released his first new album in 16 years, entitled I'm 
New Here. A memoir he had been working on for years up to the time of his death, The Last Holiday, was also 
published, posthumously in January 2012. His recording work received much critical acclaim, especially one of 
his best-known compositions "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised". His poetic style has influenced every 
generation of hip hop. 
Gill Scot Heron interviewed by the BBC 2009 pl 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5eYRwvLYHA 
RBG-Gil Scott Heron Godfather of Rap 2 of 6 — http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LeGukR7b1s 
Gill Scott Heron — Whitey on the Moon - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtBy ppG4hY 
EFTA01188627
--- PAGE 19 ---
Gil Scott-Heron — 
Gil Scott Heron 
Gil Scott-Heron — 
Gil Scott-Heron 
Gil Scott-Heron 
Gil Scott-Heron — 
Gil Scott- Heron 
Gil Scott-Heron — 
v=iZuP-7UI0Xo 
Gil Scott-Heron — 
Gil Scott-Heron — 
Gil Scott Heron 
We Beg Your Pardon -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDCfEkopryo
— The Bottle -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnOVbMFiGVg
Pieces Of A Man -- http://www.youtube.comlwatch?v=2VqGWfq0Btg
— Home Is Where The Hatred Is -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuMx4GoGNDw 
— Save The Children -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Phm7Nhlaxzs 
The Revolution Will Not Be Televised -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGaoXAwl9kw 
— Rivers of My Fathers -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgauc85EdRc 
The Ghetto Code (Dot Dot Dit Dit Dot Dot Dash) -- http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
Winter in America -- http://www.youtube.comlwatch?v=L2EhaPUqG3M
Johannesburg -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvHFuJX2Ock 
— Lady Day and John Coltrane -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fKBCD0R9FU 
Gil Scott Heron — Inner City Blues -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcrQBU7x-IA 
I hope that you have enjoyed this weeketec offerings and I wish you a great week 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brawn 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Palmas. LLC 
US: 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Sk 
EFTA01188628

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188629.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy < 
To: j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: How to Academy: March: Negotiation, Selling, Margaret Drabble, Wearable Tech, and How To give 
your children the best start in Life this summer. 
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2014 15:04:17 +0000 
March 2014 
EFTA01188629
--- PAGE 2 ---
it 
Highlights & New Events 
EFTA01188630
--- PAGE 3 ---
✓.J 
19.03.2014 
how to: Sleep 
with Dr. Guy Meadows 
Read more and book now 
11.03.2014 
how to: Read Samuel Beckett 
with Christopher Ricks 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188631
--- PAGE 4 ---
20.03.2014 
how to: Be Inspired 
To Write A Hit Song 
with Barry Mason, Emily 
Phillips 
Read more and book now 
06.03.2014 
how to: Judge Napoleon 
with Robert Tombs, Dr. Michael Rowe 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188632
--- PAGE 5 ---
DON'T MISS: BUSINESS 
12.03.2014 
18.03.2014 
EFTA01188633
--- PAGE 6 ---
how to: Write Better English 
with Sam Leith 
Read more and book now 
03.2014 
how to: Use Crowdfunding to 
Finance Your Idea 
with Crista Cloutier 
Read more and book now 
how to: Make the Perfect 
Presentation 
with Neil Chalmers 
Read more and book now 
26.03.2014 
how to: Be Confident 
Speaking in Public 
with Edie Lush 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188634
--- PAGE 7 ---
DON'T MISS: CULTURE 
EFTA01188635
--- PAGE 8 ---
More on culture 
13.03.2014 
How to: Dramatically Improve 
Your Handwriting 
with Cherrell Avery 
15.03.2014 
how to: Redesign Your House 
in a Day 
with Tatiana von Preussen 
22.03.2014 
how to: Make Great Videos 
Using Your iPhone 
with How To Academy 
23.03.2014 
how to: Italian Table Talks: 
D'Annunzio, Risotto and 
Barolo 
with Lucy Hughes-Hallett. Norma 
Miller 
06.04.2014 
how to: Read Wordsworth 
with Margaret Drabble 
'Let nature be your teacher', wrote William Wordsworth, for many 
readers the greatest of all English poets. To unlock the genius of 
Wordsworth. we need more than nature to guide us. He changed 
forever our understanding of the language and landscape of poetry, 
as well as the way we see nature and ourselves. His influence on 
Western culture is such that we are all Wordsworthians now. But 
why was his poetry so revolutionary? What is Romanticism, and 
what part did Wordsworth play in its development? 
Read more and book now 
25.03.2014 
how to: Be a Great Critic 
with Cosmo Landesman 
29. -30.03.2014 
how to: Read Dante 
with Professor Peter Hainsworth, 
Jamie McKendrick 
Find out more 
EFTA01188636
--- PAGE 9 ---
STUDENT EVENTS 
EFTA01188637
--- PAGE 10 ---
14.04.2014 
how to: Wearable 
Tech Workshop 
with Tracy Miranda 
& Isaac Raymond 
Read more and book now 
7-11th July or 26-30th August 2014 
how to: Student Life Skills 
We are delighted to announce that tickets are now available for this 
summer's Student Life Skills Jamboree. Described by parents and 
teachers alike as 'gold-dust', we have put together a week-long 
series of essential workshops, containing everything necessary to 
launch your child into the wider world. From writing a knock-out CV 
and knowing what to wear in an interview, to planning an 
unforgettable gap year and making the right career choices. 
Read more and book now 
15.04.2014 
how to: Be Mindful 
(for Teenagers) 
with Dominic Morris 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188638
--- PAGE 11 ---
More courses coming soon 
01.04.2014 
how to: Ways of 
Seeing: Photography 
with Michael Hoppen 
10.04.2014 
how to: Rebuild after 
the Apocalypse 
with Lewis Dartnell 
15.04.2014 
how to: Take a Line for 
a walk (A Masterclass 
in Drawing) 
with Rebecca Ivatts 
EFTA01188639
--- PAGE 12 ---
23.04.2014 
how to: Sell Anything 
with Gavin Presman 
10.05.2014 
how to: Listen to 
Nightingales in May 
with Mike Russell 
25.04.2014 
how to: Write Better 
Copy: a Masterclass in 
writing effective... 
with Steve Harrison 
it 
21.05.2014 
how to:Listen: The 
Tenor Voice 
with Ian Rosenblatt 
27.04.2014 
how to: Read Chekhov 
with Rosamund Bartlett 
it 
05.06.2014 
how to: Contemporary 
Dance — A Masterclass 
with Rambert 
with Mark Baldwin 
EFTA01188640
--- PAGE 13 ---
Follow on Facebook 
Follow on Twitter 
Copyright © 2014 How To Academy. All rights reserved. 
ou are receiving this email because you opted in our website http://howtoacademy.com and indicated you wished 
receive news about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address Is: 
How To Academy 
Aldridge Road Villas 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
d us to your address book 
how to: unsubscribe 
update subscription preferences 
EFTA01188641
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA01188642

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188643.pdf
----------------------------------------
moo 
SEEK 
IWO( 
./ 
• 
rlBluetooth Audio 
t 1 
Browse ...Source 
Er 
Black Diamond (Live) 
Kiss Symphony: Alive IV - 2 
Kiss & The Melbourne Symph 
. 
— 
la 
T 
RAND 
id 
•,;..3 
6„,...4 
• 
• 
a 
sE f UP 
EFTA01188643

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188644.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188644

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188645.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188645

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188646.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ramsey elkholy  
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Marta's kid 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 00:07:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhon 
EFTA01188646

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188647.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "23andMe Notifications" <donotreply@23andme.cotn> 
To: "sam epstein" <jeeproject@yahoo.com> 
Subject: A Relative sent you a message on 23andMe 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 01:46:14 +0000 
To reply to this message, follow the link below: 
https://vvvvvv.23andme.com/user/messages/lb984e52b33ebc3e9/ 
From: A Relative 
Subject: Re: A message from your relative 
Max Heffler 
managing my mother-in-law's cousin's profile. All of the matches are distant so 
it will take some time to make any connections. Hopefully as more are tested the blanks will fill in. 
Max 
Want to control which emails you receive from 23andMe? Go to: 
https://vvww.23andme.com/user/edit/notifications/ 
Sincerely, 
The 23andMe Team 
EFTA01188647

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188648.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Marie-Joseph Experton" < 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: EPSTEIN / Mercedes class S 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 10:43:49 +0000 
Attachments: RecapOptionsProjet26mai I3.doc; InstructionsMrEpstein.pdf 
Unless otherwise instructed, I will submit the attached recap to MERCEDES Paris on Monday for compatibility 
check between all the options and to get the order form to be signed. For your own perusal: I also attach marked-
up version of your instructions. 
NB1: 
option P46 (page 19 of the brochure) seems to be required to have option 856 (page 20: "only with codes 223, 
P46 and 810 or 811 and 439 or POT'). 
NB2: 
I take that exterior black means "non metallic black' (code 040) and interior beige means code 505 
corresponding to executive pack (code P34). 
NB3: 
no keyless GO and no digital TV. 
Best regards. 
Marie-Joseph Experton 
Avoca! au Barreau de Paris etabli a Bruxelles 
Avenue Louise 65 (boite II) 
1050 Bruxelles 
EFTA01188648

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188649.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Marie-Joseph Experton" < 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: EPSTEIN / Mercedes class S 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 13:34:44 +0000 
Attachments: MailMercedes26mail3options.pdf 
FYI: mail sent to Mr. Mauperon at MERCEDES Paris. 
Best regards. 
Marie-Joseph Experton 
Avocet au Barmau de Paris etabli d BncreIles 
Tel. 
GSiv 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: dimanche 26 mai 2013 12:56 
To: 
Subject: Re: EPSTEIN / Mercedes class S 
no, 610 and no p46, no night vision, and no screens in head rest. thanks otehrwise great , 
EFTA01188649

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188650.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 16:01:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188650

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188651.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Gregory Brown
To: undisclosed-recipients:; 
Bee: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 05/26/2013 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 17:39:18 +0000 
Attachments: Paul ICrugman,_Today's Austerity_Policies Based_OnJA_Mythical_70s_That_Never Was 
PatTI Krugman Huff Fost 05_19_2013.pctf; 
the Fruture_of dreen:Builcling_May_Be_Closer_than_You_Think_UP.Wharton_April_201 
3.pdf;
—
Michelle Obama Graduation_Speech_Transcript,flowie_State_University_May_17,_2013. 
pdf; 
President Obama's Morehouse Cotrunencement_Speech_TRANSCRIPT_May_19,_2013.p 
df; 
Obama_and_Nixon,_A_Historical_Perspective_Robert_F._Kennedy_k_NYT_May_20,201 
3.pdf; 
The 7 _Craziest_Things_About_Apple_Tax_Avoidance_Strategy_Huff Post_May_22,_2013 
_ 
.pdf; 
The_l Chart_That Reveals Just How Grossly_Unfair The_Unfair The US_Tax_System 
_Has _Become Ma_Gongioff fluff Fost 05_21_13.a; 1a-subcommittee-memo-on-
offshore-proficshifting-apple_cenator Carl_ Levin May_21,_2013.pdf; 
Libor in_a_barrel_The Economist_M-ay_1 ,_2011.pdf; 
The_eorporate Tax_DEdge Steven_Rattner_NYT May_23,_2013.pdf; 
on_politicg donations Editorial T3oard_TWP_May_22,_2013.pdf; 
Luther Vandross_bio_May_16,_2013.pcif 
Inline-Images: image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; image(3).png 
Dear Friends 
First Lady Michelle Obama received a rock star's welcome a week ago Friday, when she took the 
podium at Bowie State's commencement ceremony. Having watched a bit of her speech on last 
Friday's ABC News program, I decided to watch the entire speech on Sunday afternoon and all that I 
can tell you is that everyone should do the same. In her 15-minute address, the First Lady touched on 
the university's founding in 1865 to train black teachers; the difficulties confronted by black students 
after emancipation from slavery and during the civil rights movement; and the sacrifices made by her 
own parents, who were not college graduates. "I am thinking about all the mothers and the fathers 
just like my parents, who dug into pockets for their last dime," the First Lady said. "Their sacrifice is 
your legacy." 
Located in suburban Washington, Bowie State has about 5,40o undergraduate and graduate students. 
The university invited the first lady to speak and moved its commencement to the University of 
Maryland's College Park campus to accommodate a crowd of thousands, which greeted the first lady 
with a standing ovation. Speaking to about 600 graduates at the University of Maryland's Comcast 
Center in College Park. The First Lady spoke of the importance of a good education and their 
responsibility after graduation for helping others achieve the same goal. "Be an example of excellence 
for the next generation," she said, doffing a black cap and gown. "Do everything you can to help them 
understand the power and purpose of good education." 
EFTA01188651
--- PAGE 2 ---
Weblink: 
ttp://abcnews.go.comMolitics/video/commencement-speech-addresses-2013-michelle-obama-bowie-state-
19203266#.UZISnO1 1 x5A.email 
The First Lady: "For generations, in many parts of this country, it was illegal for black people to get an 
education. Slaves caught reading or writing could be beaten to within an inch of their lives. Anyone —
black or white — who dared to teach them could be fined or thrown into jail. And yet, just two years 
after the Emancipation Proclamation was signed, this school was founded not just to educate African 
Americans, but to teach them how to educate others. It was in many ways an act of defiance, an 
eloquent rebuttal to the idea that black people couldn't or shouldn't be educated. And since then, 
generations of students from all backgrounds have come to this school to be challenged, inspired and 
empowered. And they have gone on to become leaders here in Maryland and across this country, 
running businesses, educating young people, leading the high-tech industries that will power our 
economy for decades to come." 
Later in the speech.... 
The First Lady: "But today, more than 15O years after the Emancipation Proclamation, more than 5o 
years after the end of "separate but equal," when it comes to getting an education, too many of our 
young people just can't be bothered. Today, instead of walking miles every day to school, they're sitting 
on couches for hours playing video games, watching TV. Instead of dreaming of being a teacher or a 
lawyer or a business leader, they're fantasizing about being a bailer or a rapper. [Applause] Right now, 
one in three African American students are dropping out of high school. Only one in five African 
Americans between the ages of 25 and 29 has gotten a college degree — one in five. But let's be very 
dear. Today, getting an education is as important if not more important than it was back when this 
university was founded. Just look at the statistics. [Applause] People who earn a bachelor's degree or 
higher make nearly three times more money than high school dropouts, and they're far less likely to be 
unemployed. A recent study even found that African American women with a college degree live an 
average of six and a half years longer than those without. And for men, it's nearly to years longer. So 
yes, people who are more educated actually live longer. So I think we can agree, and we need to start 
EFTA01188652
--- PAGE 3 ---
feeling that hunger again, you know what I mean? [Applause] We need to once again fight to educate 
ourselves and our children like our lives depend on it, because they do." 
Whether you like her husband or not, Michele Obama has been a shining light and example to us all. 
She embodies grace, wit and intelligence. The First Lady praised the students for crossing the finish 
line, pointing out that only one in five African Americans between the age of 25 and 29 have received 
their college degree. That's why the First Lady is urging the new grads to serve as role models. "No 
matter what career you pursue, every single one of you has a role to play as educators for young 
people," she said. 
Mrs. Obama specifically singled out Audrey Lugmayer, who pushed through personal adversity to get 
her degree. "It's a great honor to have her tell my story," Lugmayer said. "There are so many other 
stories like mine, so it was great to have her use it as an example of hard work. Most of all the First 
Lady urged her audience to give back to the community — make similar sacrifices to enable future 
generations to follow in their footsteps. First Lady: " The folks who, as the poet Alice Walker once 
wrote, "Knew what we must know without knowing a page of it themselves." Their sacrifice is your 
legacy. Do you hear me? And now it is up to all of you to carry that legacy forward, to be that flame of 
fate, that torch of truth to guide our young people toward a better future for themselves and for this 
country. And if you do that, and I know that you will, if you uphold that obligation, then I am 
confident we will build an even better future for the next generation of graduates from this fine school 
and for all of the children in this country because our lives depend on it. I wish you Godspeed, good 
luck. I love you all. Do good things. God bless." Again, I urge everyone to download the above weblink 
to see the speech, as our First Lady 
is a serious Class Act and in a league of her own 
As President Kennedy once famously said at a Press Conference in France on June 2, 1961, "I do not 
think it altogether inappropriate to introduce myself to this audience. I am the man who 
accompanied Jacqueline Kennedy to Paris. And I enjoyed it." After First Lady Michele Obama's 
inspiring commencement speech at Bowie State University a week ago Friday, the President could 
have started his commencement speech two days later at Morehouse University along the same lines 
with something like, "I am the man who was inspired by Michele Obama to speak to you today." As 
such, I urge everyone to see the President's speech via the web link below or read the attached 
transcript as its message is both inspirational and universal.... 
EFTA01188653
--- PAGE 4 ---
Website: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v-e50Tt9q,IRQk&noredirect=l 
President Barack Obama, in a soaring commencement address on work, sacrifice and opportunity, told 
graduates of Morehouse College Sunday to seize the power of their example as black men graduating 
from college and use it to improve people's lives. Noting the Atlanta school's mission to cultivate, not 
just educate, good men, Obama said graduates should not be so eager to join the chase for wealth and 
material things, but instead should remember where they came from and not "take your degree and 
get a fancy job and nice house and nice car and never look back." 
"So yes, go get that law degree. But if you do, ask yourself if the only option is to defend the rich and 
powerful, or if you can also find time to defend the powerless," Obama declared. "Sure, go get your 
MBA, or start that business, we need black businesses out there. But ask yourself what broader 
purpose your business might serve, in putting people to work, or transforming a neighborhood." 
"The most successful CEOs I know didn't start out intent on making money - rather, they had a vision 
of how their product or service would change things, and the money followed," he said. For those 
headed to medical school, Obama said "make sure you heal folks in underserved communities who 
really need it, too." He asked those headed to law school to think about defending the poor. 
At Morehouse, Obama also urged graduates to "inspire those who look up to you to expect more of 
themselves." As America's first black president addressing a predominantly black audience, Obama 
also talked about his personal story, growing up without a father he wished had been around and 
involved, and his desire to a better father to daughters Malia and Sasha than his father was to him. 
"We know that too many young men in our community continue to make bad choices," he said. 
"Growing up, I made quite a few myself. Sometimes I wrote off my own failings as just another 
example of the world trying to keep a black man down. I had a tendency sometimes to make excuses 
for me not doing the right thing. But one of the things that all of you have learned over the last four 
years, is there's no longer any room for excuses." 
"I understand there's a common fraternity creed here at Morehouse: excuses are tools of the 
incompetent, used to build bridges to nowhere and monuments of nothingness," he said. "Well, we've 
got no time for excuses - not because the bitter legacies of slavery and segregation have vanished 
EFTA01188654
--- PAGE 5 ---
entirely; they haven't. "Not because racism and discrimination no longer exist; we know those are 
still out there," he added. "It's just that in today's hyper-connected, hyper-competitive world, with 
millions of young people from China and India and Brazil, many of whom started with a whole lot 
less than all of you did, all of them entering the global workforce alongside you, nobody is going to 
give you anything that you haven't earned." "And moreover," the president said, "you have to 
remember that whatever you've gone through pales in comparison to the hardships previous 
generations endured - and they overcame, and if they overcame them, you can overcome them too." 
'My job, as President, is to advocate for policies that generate more opportunity for everybody --
policies that strengthen the middle class and give more people the chance to climb their way into the 
middle class. Policies that create more good jobs and reduce poverty, and educate more children, 
and give more families the security of health care, and protect more of our children from the horrors 
of gun violence. That's my job. Those are matters of public policy, and it is important for all of us --
black, white and brown -- to advocate for an America where everybody has got a fair shot in life. 
Not just some. Not just a few." 
"But along with collective responsibilities, we have individual responsibilities," the President said. 
"As Morehouse Men, you now wield something even more powerful than the diploma you're about to 
collect -- and that's the power of your example. So what I ask of you today is the same thing I ask of 
every graduating class I address: Use that power for something larger than yourself." "And 
finally, as you do these things, do them not just for yourself, but don't even do them just for the 
African American community. I want you to set your sights higher," President Obama said. "It's not 
just the African American community that needs you. The country needs you. The world needs you." 
And although this may not be the President's greatest speech, its message follows a consistent theme 
to think beyond one's self and work for the greater good for all.... 
****** 
In today's ADS culture where public attention can be gauged in nano-seconds, we can never mention 
the economic inequality to much. Since 1979 the income gap between people with college or graduate 
degrees and people whose education ended in high school has grown. Broadly speaking, this is a gap 
between working-class families in the middle 20 percent (with incomes roughly between $39,000 and 
$62,000) and affluent-to-rich families (say, the top 10 percent, with incomes exceeding $iii,000). 
This skills-based gap is the inequality most Americans see in their everyday lives. And the top 1 
percent income averages $1.6 million (with a bottom threshold of about $367,000). 
Conservatives don't typically like to talk about income inequality. It stirs up uncomfortable questions 
about economic fairness. (That's why as a candidate Mitt Romney told a TV interviewer that inequality 
was best discussed in "quiet rooms.") On those rare occasions when conservatives do bring it up, it's 
the skills-based gap that usually draws their attention, because it offers an opportunity to criticize our 
government-run system of public education and especially teachers' unions. Concurrently, Liberals 
resist talking about the skills-based gap because they don't want to tell the working classes that they're 
losing ground because they don't have the right expertise. Conservatives say that Liberals prefer to 
focus on the 1 percent-based gap. Conceiving of inequality as something caused by the very richest 
people has obvious political appeal to a larger constituency. 
But the real problem is that the global market economy today in America has enabled giant 
corporation, to hold the government and citizens up for ransom -- eliciting subsidies and tax breaks 
from countries concerned about their nation's "competitiveness" -- while sheltering their profits in the 
lowest-tax jurisdictions they can find. Adding to this is the fact that labor is now treated as a 
commodity. As a result, these same corporations are less interested in supporting the institutions that 
educate and provide the safety-net for American workers. With more than $2 trillion of profits 
currently being held outside of the country, and corporations, Wall Street and the top 1 percent asking 
for more favorable treatment, it is reasonable for the 99 percent to be angry. If we are going to saddle 
EFTA01188655
--- PAGE 6 ---
our college students with massive debts and then ask them to make sacrifices in favor of those less 
fortunate, the top 1 percent and large corporations should be more than willing to do their part. 
The decline of labor unions is what connects the skills-based gap. Reviving labor unions is, sadly, 
anathema to the right; even many mainstream liberals resist the idea. But if economic growth depends 
on rewarding effort, we should all worry that the middle classes aren't getting pay increases 
commensurate with the wealth they create for their bosses. Bosses aren't going to fix this problem. 
That's the job of unions, and finding ways to rebuild them is liberalism's most challenging task. A 
bipartisan effort to revive the labor movement is hardly likely, but halting inequality's growth will 
depend, at the very least, on liberals and conservatives better understanding each other's definition of 
where the problem lies. And to get things started, I support a substantial jobs program to rebuild the 
country's infrastructure, as it will generate domestic employment, encourages companies to train 
domestic workers, slows down the economic inequality and makes the country as a whole more 
competitive internationally, leaving a stronger and better country for future generations. 
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
In an op-ed this week in the New York Times, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. wrote — Obama and 
Nixon: A Historical Perspective — that although Republicans, Democrats and all Americans 
should be outraged by the with the scandals involving the IRS targeting political groups and the FBI's 
spying on A.P. reporters. The broader public is legitimately concerned. However, in its classic 
overblown breathlessness at all things Obama, the gleeful Republican leadership is already calling for 
impeachment and dragging out desperate comparisons to Nixon's Watergate. This, despite caveats 
from its own sages not to overplay Republican good fortune. "We overreached in 1998," Newt 
Gingrich admitted recently. He counseled restraint to the Tea Party jihadists he helped spawn. 
Gingrich recalled how the GOP's scandal mongering against Clinton had only amplified Clinton's 
popularity and cost Republicans the 1998 mid-terms and Gingrich his speakership. But this new 
generation of hysterical House members immune to that wisdom, are headed straight for the feinting 
couch in fits of anti-Obama hysteria. Example, Iowa Congressman Steve King offered a shrill 
algorithm: "add Watergate and Iran Contra together and multiply by ten" to calculate the tyrannical 
evil of the Obama scandals. 
As usual, the Fox-fueled GOP narrative swayed the mainstream press. On May16, Reuters' Jeff Mason 
interrupted Obama's press conference with Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan to ask the President, 
"How do you feel about the comparisons by some of your critics with the scandals of the Nixon 
Administration?" Obama responded with calm contempt; he would leave those comparisons to the 
journalists. But he urged Mason to "read some history." If Mason takes that advice, here are some of 
the historical tidbits he might consider. 
The difference is that President Richard Nixon was aware that the IRS had audited him in 1961 and 
1962 and presumed those audits were politically motivated by the Kennedy White House and his 
friends and political allies John Wayne and Rev. Billy Graham had endured recent audits by his own 
IRS, Nixon ordered White House Chief of Staff Bob Haldeman, "Get the word out, down to the IRS 
that I want them to conduct field audits on those who are our opponents," starting with John F. 
Kennedy's, former campaign manager and White House aide, then Democratic Committee Chairman, 
Lawrence O'Brien. In 1969 Nixon's people has the IRS set up a special internal arm "the Activist 
Organization Committee" to audit an "enemies list" with Senator Ted Kennedy was at the top of that 
list along with a small army of well-known journalists. The IRS later renamed its political audit squad 
"Special Services" or "SS" to keep its mission secret. The SS targeted over 1,000 liberal groups for 
audits and 4,000 individuals. The SS staff managed their files in a soundproof cell in the IRS 
basement. On September 27, 197o, Nixon ordered Haldeman to get the IRS to investigate my Uncle 
EFTA01188656
--- PAGE 7 ---
Ted who was then the presumed frontrunner in the 1972 presidential contest, sharing the field with 
Edmond Muskie and Hubert Humphrey who Nixon also ordered audited. 
Nixon personally put White House dirty trickster Tom Charles Huston, former president of the Young 
Americans for Freedom, in charge of setting up the new IRS "anti-radical squad" to make sure that the 
laggards in IRS's bureaucracy didn't drop the ball. Huston prepared a 43-page blueprint for Nixon 
outlining a government agency campaign targeting Nixon's enemies. Uncle Teddy was still at the top. 
The scheme included tapping phones without warrants, infiltrating organizations that had been critical 
of the President and, purging IRS agents who refused to tow the Republican line. Huston told the 
President, "we won't be in control of the government and in a position of effective leverage until such 
time or we have complete and total control of the top three slots" at the IRS. Nixon also 
enthusiastically authorized a series of "black bag jobs" including breaking into offices, homes and 
liberal think tanks like the Ford Foundation and the Brookings Institute which Nixon believed was 
home to many former Kennedy Administration officials. 
In May 1971, Nixon used an IRS investigation of Alabama Governor George Wallace's brother, Gerald 
Wallace, to pressure Gov. Wallace to run for President on the Democratic ticket as a spoiler rather than 
on a third party ticket as he planned. The blackmail scheme succeeded and most of Wallace's white 
male supporters fled to the Republicans after the Democrats nominated civil rights activist George 
McGovern. Nixon's tactic of having Wallace run as a Democrat was an indispensable element of the 
White House's "southern strategy". Four months later, on September 8, 1971, Nixon raged at his 
counsel and Chief Domestic Policy Advisor, John Ehrlichman, about the IRS's lack of progress on 
finding dirt on his enemies. "We have the power but are we using it to investigate contributors to 
Hubert Humphrey, to Muskie, and the Jews? You know they are stealing everybody.... you know they 
really tried to crucify Ho Lewis (Reader's Digest editor, Hobart Lewis, a Nixon supporter who had 
been auditedJ! Are we looking into Muskie's return? Hubert's? Hubert's been in a lot of funny deals. 
Teddy? Who knows about the Kennedys? Shouldn't they be investigated?" 
The following week he pleaded with Haldeman to light a fire under the IRS. "Bob, please get me the 
names of the Jews, you know the Big Jewish contributors of the Democrats.... Could we please 
investigate those cocksuckers?" The following day he replayed that tune for Ehrlichman. "You see the 
IRS is full of Jews that's the reason they went after Graham." Haldeman recounted in his diary, 
"There was a considerable discussion of the terrible problem arising from the total Jewish 
domination of the media. Graham has the strong feeling that the Bible says there are Satanic Jews 
and that's where our problem arises." 
The "Jewish-controlled media" and the "liberal media" were never far from Nixon's limbic system. 
Nixon also bugged reporters and used bribery, blackmail attempts, forgery, spying, burglary, and 
extensive bugging by national police agencies and by his own "plumbers squad" to monitor and 
manipulate the press for political purposes. Many of the top twenty names on Nixon's political 
enemies list (which eventually included 47,000 Americans) were reporters. They included Daniel 
Schorr, Mary McGrory, Edwin Guthman and Walter Cronkite. Nixon's staff and agencies bugged their 
phones, investigated their sex lives, rifled their trash, and had them watched and followed. Nixon 
directly ordered the investigation of imagined homosexuality by columnist Jack Anderson, a devout, 
teetotaling Mormon with a happy marriage and nine children. 
There is no ambiguity here. Nixon and his aides ran these illegal activities out of the Oval Office at the 
urging of the President, whereas the current IRS scandal appears to be an office of IRS agents trying to 
use technology to identify organizations that might be falsely trying to get non-profit designation. Or 
in the case of Benghazi, massaging an evolving story as oppose to covering up illegal activities. And as 
for the wire-tapping of AP journalists, these were issued to find out who leaked a high-level CIA asset 
in Yemen's identification and his supporting network. As Napoleon Bonaparte said, "never ascribe to 
malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence." And calling everything a scandal when 
it is not, is akin to calling every fire arson. As a supporter of the President, I definitely believe that 
EFTA01188657
--- PAGE 8 ---
both he and members of his Administration have made many mistakes, but trying to compare them to 
the Nixon Administration's illegal activities is completely wrong. 
One of my father's favorite sayings was that "history is always re-written by the winners." And since 
Ronald Reagan's Administration, Republicans have chosen to cherry pick history to support supply-
side economics, whereby lower taxes is suppose to grow the economy based on the theory that more 
money in the people's hands will stimulate the economy more than if used by government. This week 
in the Huffington Post - Paul Krugman: Today's Austerity Policies Based On A Mythical 
dos That Never Was' - the article points out that the Nobel-Prize winning economist and New 
York Times columnist wrote in a blog post Sunday that current policymakers are basing their 
decisions to cut spending, leading in many cases to high unemployment, on the false notion that the 
recession of the late 197os and early 198os was caused by too much government debt and too many 
government handouts. 
During the period leading up to that recession government debt was low and stable or falling as a share 
of the economy. What actually caused the recession of the late 197os, Krugman writes, was an 
unfortunate vicious cycle of workers demanding more money because they expected prices to rise, 
companies raising prices to pay for their increased costs as well as big oil price shocks. "It would be 
bad enough if we were basing policy today on lessons from the xs,"ICrugman wrote in the blog post 
Sunday. "It's even worse that we're basing policy today on a mythical 70s that never was." 
Though Krugman has been criticizing some policymakers' obsession with austerity for years, the 
strategy has recently come under fire after a widely-cited paper by Harvard economists Carmen 
Reinhart and Ken Rogoff thought to prove that high levels of government debt correlated with 
economic downturns, turned out to be riddled with errors. For their part, Reinhart and Rogoff have 
tried to disown the austerity movement -- which included Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), the U.K.'s George 
Osborne and other prominent politicians -- which cited their research as a way to justify their policies. 
Earlier this month former President Bill Clinton backed Krugman's argument that a laser-sharp focus 
on cutting the deficit can lead to high unemployment and other economic problems, saying "It's 
obvious that if you overdo austerity, you get Europe." The average unemployment rate in the 
Eurozone is at a record 12.1 percent and the region is currently mired in the longest recession in its 
history. Some experts blame the region's policymakers' obsessive focus on slashing government debt 
for the eurozone's economic woes. At least in the U.S., it turns out runaway debt may not be as much 
of a concern as originally thought, despite politicians' panic. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget 
Office found earlier this month that the deficit is likely to shrink rapidly through 2015. So when most 
economist believe that generating jobs should be our #1 priority, by using false prior assumptions, it is 
easy to see why certain politicians are still pushing austerity and supply-side economics 
which didn't work then and won't work now. 
Last month the University of Pennsylvania's business school Wharton published — The 
Future of Green Building May Be Closer than You Think. It starts out that green building 
(buildings that consume no outside energy are being developed today using existing technology) 
growth is mushrooming around the world creating markets for green building products and 
technologies, which in turn will lead to faster growth of green building. And even smaller innovative 
companies are getting into the game. While considerable attention is being focused on innovative 
products and technologies -- the means of achieving green building -- another kind of innovation has 
given birth to an exciting new approach. 
The net-zero energy building, or NZEB, focuses less on the means and more on the end result, which is 
a building or group of structures that generate as much energy as they use. A building's energy 
EFTA01188658
--- PAGE 9 ---
production may be more than it needs at certain periods in time, explains David Riley, professor of 
architectural engineering at Pennsylvania State University and executive director of the university's 
Center for Sustainability. But it qualifies as net-zero only if "the meter has not moved by the end of the 
year." The NZEB approach has been gaining momentum for some time, but in the past few years 
virtually all the major players -- government agencies, academia, the military, not-for-profits and 
increasingly the business community -- have become actively engaged in demonstrating the near-term 
potential of NZEB at residential, community and commercial scales. 
The residential challenge is affordability: As part of a research project, The National Institute of 
Standards and Technology (NIST) recently built a net-zero test home in the Washington, D.C. area. 
"This home has all the features and aesthetics you would find in an upscale Washington, D.C. metro 
home," Hunter Fanney, chief of NIST's energy and environment division, told U.S. News and World 
Report. "There's really nothing exotic about it and nothing that can't be readily done with 
conventional construction." But the challenge at the residential level isn't technical; it's financial. 
Betsy Pettit, president of Building Science Corporation, told Reuters that a house similar to the NIST 
house, built in Concord, Mass., cost about $600,000 -- and that didn't include the cost of the land. 
While it is possible to build a net-zero house for less, it usually means a much smaller building with 
fewer amenities. According to Pettit, a house that approached net-zero energy use was built for Habitat 
for Humanity for just $150,000, but it measured only 1,200 square feet, less than half the size of an 
average single-family house in the U.S. in 2011. 
In an effort to bring NZEB within reach of the average homeowner, the GridSTAR Center, a smart-grid 
education and research institute at Penn State, is focusing much of its work on the development of an 
affordable net-zero demonstration house. The goal, says Riley, who is also the principle investigator 
for the GridSTAR Center, is to create a home that generates all of the energy necessary "to meet the 
needs of the house and is a wise investment for the homeowner." And the first step toward achieving 
that aim is to make the 2,400 square-foot demonstration house, located at the Philadelphia Navy Yard, 
as energy efficient as possible. That way, Riley explains, "It won't need a whole lot energy generation 
to serve its needs." None of the energy-saving features in the modular home is exotic and many are 
installed in the controlled environment of the factory that is making the building components. In 
addition, since the emphasis is on reducing both construction and operating costs, load-managing 
appliances are being installed. Homeowners can run these appliances whenever they want, but the 
appliances advise the owners when electricity is least expensive in the region, and can be programmed 
by the homeowner to run when the rates are lowest. 
The amount of energy that the house generates and consumes at any one time depends on a number of 
constantly shifting variables -- time of year, time of day, weather conditions and the owner's behavior, 
to name just a few. On a sunny summer day, when the family is out of the house, the photovoltaic roof 
shingles (installed at the factory) and the solar thermal collector, which helps provide both hot water 
and space heat, are likely to generate more energy than the house uses, in effect running the meter 
backwards. But on a cold winter night, when family members are home cooking and using everything 
from computers to televisions, the meter is likely to be running in the other direction. The net-zero 
goal is achieved if at the end of a year, the meter is in the same place that it was at the beginning -- in 
other words, the net energy use for the year is zero. 
One element that is critical to achieving this goal is the 10-kilowatt battery that sits inside the house. It 
serves two essential purposes. One is as a backup in case the grid ever goes down (according to 
Bloomberg Business Week, 18% of American households have either permanent or portable 
backup generators, a number that continues to climb as mega-storms like Sandy continue to knock out 
the grid). The battery's other use is to "level the load," says Riley. 'That battery can charge up at 
night when the electricity is cheap and deploy during peak times to discharge into the grid. So 
instead of just sitting there waiting for the grid to go down, this battery can actually generate 
revenue every day." And the battery may turn out to be less expensive than it might otherwise have 
EFTA01188659
--- PAGE 10 ---
been. GridSTAR is evaluating the practicality of re-using the 16.5 kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery 
pack from a Chevy Volt plug-in hybrid after its useful life in the car is over. (GridSTAR is the first test 
site for the reuse of a Volt battery in a residential storage application.) 
"General Motors engineered the battery to outlast the car," explains Riley. "The company doesn't 
want someone to buy a Volt and have to face an expensive battery replacement over the life of the 
car. But that battery is still going to have some use and discharges left, and it actually has the 
perfect capabilities to become a community-storage or a residential-scale battery." The recycling of 
used hybrid car battery packs for stationary use is also being explored at the University of California, 
San Diego. 
The next net-zero frontier is at the community level: "At the level of a single home, it's generally not a 
good investment to have a house that produces a lot more energy than you need," Riley states. While 
utilities may allow a homeowner to run his or her meter backwards at times, very few will actually pay 
for excess power beyond what the house uses in the course of a year. But things change when a whole 
community of houses, or a neighborhood of mixed residential and commercial buildings, aims for net-
zero. Katrina Managan, of Johnson Control's Institute for Building Efficiency, notes in a recent white 
paper ("Net Zero Communities: One Building at a Time") that such communities offer two key 
advantages: economies of scale in energy generation and a mix of buildings with varying occupancy 
patterns and energy use that can balance the energy load across an entire neighborhood. Communities 
also have the potential to generate enough excess energy to interest local utilities in negotiating 
revenue-generating agreements. 
Such communities are just starting to appear. Motivated by the need to achieve energy security and 
independence, the U.S. Army is piloting a net-zero installation at Fort Bliss, located outside of El Paso, 
Texas. Occupying more than one million acres of land in Texas and New Mexico, and with a total 
population in excess of 90,000, Fort Bliss is aiming to transform the base into a net-zero energy 
community by 2015. Balancing budgetary and security concerns, Fort Bliss is modeling various 
possibilities, ranging from a waste-to-energy system, using the waste from the city of El Paso, to a 
geothermal plant, to be used in conjunction with energy-efficiency projects and load-balancing 
solutions, such as solar photovoltaics. 
Outside of the military, the largest net-zero energy community in the U.S. is already nearing its goal of 
generating on site all of the energy used in its residential, community and commercial spaces. When 
completed, the West Village at the University of California, Davis, will include a village square and a 
network of open spaces, parks, gardens, pathways and courtyards; housing for 3,000 students, faculty 
and staff (in 662 apartments and 343 single-family homes); 42,50o square feet of commercial space; a 
recreation center; and eventually, a preschool/day care center. As with the Grid STAR demonstration 
house, the first concern at West Village was energy efficiency. The roof uses solar-reflective material 
and radiant barrier sheathing, and thick 2" x 6" exterior walls add an extra level of insulation. Other 
architectural features, such as roof overhangs and window sunshades, combine with high-efficiency 
lighting, air conditioning units and appliances to reduce energy consumption to 5o% below what 
would normally be expected if the buildings were simply built to code. A four-megawatt photovoltaic 
system, including rooftop solar installations and solar canopies over parking areas, is designed to meet 
the needs of the first 1,980 apartment residents and commercial spaces. After that, the plan calls for a 
biogas generator, based on technology developed at UC Davis, which will convert dormitory table 
scraps, animal waste from the campus dairy and plant waste from agricultural research fields into 
electricity. 
Residents also play a key role, and are being given access to a web-based tool that enables energy use 
monitoring by unit. And a smartphone app lets residents turn off lamps and plugged-in electronics 
remotely. A little more than a year into the project and about halfway toward its target population of 
3,000, West Village appears to be on track to achieve zero net energy use in 2013. The preliminary 
data is promising but not definitive, according to developer Carmel Partners of San Francisco. The 
EFTA01188660
--- PAGE 11 ---
solar panels are performing as expected and residents are using the anticipated amount of electricity. 
Efforts are underway to educate those residents whose energy use is higher than average on ways to 
reduce consumption. All of this comes at a cost, however. In addition to $3oo million invested by 
West Village Community Partnership, a joint venture of Carmel Partners of San Francisco and Urban 
Villages of Denver, the project received nearly $7.5 million in federal and state energy research grants. 
And apartment rents are said to be at the high end of the Davis market. 
As you can see green building is the future, with an increasing number of projects being developed 
each months here and abroad, developing concepts and tools that are making net-zero communities a 
reality. For more information please feel free to read the attached complete study by 
ICnowledge@Wharton. 
****** 
With politicians in Washington fight over the top rate on personal incomes, companies are avoiding hundreds of 
billions in taxes by shifting profits through a complex web of subsidiaries to low-tax offshore tax havens and 
parking more than $1.6 trillion internationally. The most recent example is Apple with headquarters in 
Cupertino, California set up subsidiaries which have no employees in places like Ireland, in effect, make them 
stateless — exempt from taxes, record-keeping laws and the need for the subsidiaries to even file tax returns 
anywhere in the world. All came to light on Tuesday when Apple's Chairman, Tim Cook spoke before a 
Congressional Committee to push for tax reform that would benefit American companies with international 
operations/subsidiaries. 
In a 40-page memorandum released the day before by the Senate's Permanent Subcommittee for 
Investigations identified three subsidiaries which had no "tax residency" in Ireland, where they are incorporated, 
or in the United States, where company executives manage those companies and somehow which has a Cork, 
Ireland mailing address that received $29.9 billion in dividends from lower-tiered offshore Apple affiliates from 
2009 to 2012, comprising 30 percent of Apple's total worldwide net profits — paying no taxes. The findings 
about Apple were remarkable both for the enormous amount of money involved and the audaciousness of the 
company's assertion that its subsidiaries are beyond the reach of any taxing authority. 
Mr. Cook argued that some of Apple's largest subsidiaries do not reduce Apple's tax liability, and to press for a 
sweeping overhaul of the United States corporate tax code — in particular, by lowering rates on companies 
moving foreign overseas earnings back to the United States top Apple's offshore network is a subsidiary named 
Apple Operations International, which is incorporated in Ireland — where Apple had negotiated a special 
corporate tax rate of 2 percent or less in recent years — but keeps its bank accounts and records in the United 
States and holds board meetings in California. Because the United States bases residency on where companies 
are incorporated, while Ireland focuses on where they are managed and controlled, Apple Operations 
International was able to fall neatly between the cracks of the two countries' jurisdictions. 
Investigators have not accused Apple of breaking any laws and the company is hardly the only American 
multinational to face scrutiny for using complex corporate structures and tax havens to sidestep taxes. In recent 
months, revelations from European authorities about the tax avoidance strategies used by Google, Starbucks and 
Amazon have all stirred public anger and spurred several European governments, as well as the Organization for 
Economic Cooperation and Development, a Paris-based research organization for the world's richest countries, 
to discuss measures to close the loopholes. Apple currently assigns more than $100 billion to offshore 
subsidiaries. 
"Apple wasn't satisfied with shifting its profits to a low-tax offshore tax haven," said Senator Carl Levin, a 
Michigan Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations that is holding 
the public hearing Tuesday into Apple's use of tax havens. "Apple successfully sought the holy grail of tax 
avoidance. It has created offshore entities holding tens of billions of dollars while claiming to be tax resident 
nowhere." Thanks to what lawmakers called "gimmicks" and "schemes," Apple was able to largely sidestep 
EFTA01188661
--- PAGE 12 ---
taxes on tens of billions of dollars it earned outside the United States in recent years. Last year, international 
operations accounted for 61 percent of Apple's total revenue. 
While Apple's strategy is unusual in its scope and effectiveness, it underscores how riddled with loopholes the 
American corporate tax code has become. At the same time, it shows how difficult it will be for Washington to 
overhaul the tax system. Over all, Apple's tax avoidance efforts shifted at least $74 billion from the reach of the 
Internal Revenue Service between 2009 and 2012, the investigators said. That cash remains offshore, but Apple, 
which paid more than $6 billion in taxes in the United States last year on its American operations, could still 
have to pay federal taxes on it if the company were to return the money to its coffers in the United States. John 
McCain of Arizona, who is the panel's senior Republican, said: "Apple claims to be the largest U.S corporate 
taxpayer; but by sheer size and scale, it is also among America's largest tax avoiders." 
The Senate investigators also found evidence that the company turned over substantially less money to the 
government than its public filings indicated. While the company cited an effective rate of 24 to 32 percent in its 
disclosures, its effective tax rate was 20.1 percent, based on the committee's findings. And for a company of 
Apple's size, the resulting difference was substantial — more than $8 billion in 2009, 2010 and 2011. As a result 
of these strategies, Washington is forced to rely more and heavily on payroll taxes and individual income taxes to 
finance the government's operations. For example, in 2011, individual income taxes contributed $1.1 trillion to 
federal coffers, while corporate taxes added up to $181 billion. 
But the Big Ugly is the hogwash that Tim Cook publicly said to defend his company's practices. "We pay all the 
taxes we owe, eve'', single dollar We not only comply with the laws, but we comply with the spirit of the laws. 
We don't depend on tax gimmicks. "We don't move intellectual property offshore and use it to sell our products 
back to the United States to avoid taxes. We don't stash money on some Caribbean island. We don't move our 
money from our foreign subsidiaries to fund our U.S. business in oilier to skirt the repatriation tax." "There is a 
technical term economists like to use for behavior like this," said Edward Kleinbard, a law professor at the 
University of Southern California in Los Angeles and a former staff director at the Congressional Joint 
Committee on Taxation. "Unbelievable chutzpah." The other Big Ugly was that Mr. Cook initial came to 
Washington to lobby for additional tax breaks before. 
Tuesday's hearing is the second to be held by Senator Carl Levin, a Michigan Democrat and chairman of the 
subcommittee, to shed light on the weaknesses of the U.S. corporate tax code. Levin has sought to overhaul the 
code in Congress. Lawmakers globally are closely scrutinizing the taxes paid by multinational companies. In 
Britain, Google faces regulatory inquiries over its own tax policies, while Hewlett-Packard Co and Microsoft 
Corp have been called to Capitol Hill to answer questions about their own practices. Corporations must pay the 
top U.S. 35-percent corporate tax on foreign profits, but not until those profits are brought into the United States 
from abroad. This exception is known as corporate offshore income deferral. Large U.S. companies boosted 
their offshore earnings by 15 percent last year to a record $1.9 trillion, avoiding hefty tax bills by keeping the 
profits abroad, according to research firm Audit Analytics. 
The final Big Ugly, is that this is part of the rigging of the system, as more than half of Apple's shares are owned 
by its top 50 investors. 
And although many of these investors are pension and mutual funds, (ostensibly 
resenting workers and small investors), the executives and managers of these institutions receive generous (if not 
egregious) compensation, as well as inside market makers and rich investors further widen the economic 
inequality between the Top 1% and the rest of America. 
Leading up to Apple CEO Tim Cook's Congressional testimony on his company's dubious-if-legal tax 
strategies, the Huffington Post posted — 7 Craziest Things About Apple's Tax Avoidance 
Strategy - to critiqued the 40-page memorandum released Senate's Permanent Subcommittee for 
Investigations. 
1. Almost all of Apple's foreign operations are run through an Irish company with no employees. 
EFTA01188662
--- PAGE 13 ---
2. Apple pays 2%—or less—in corporate income tax in Ireland. 
3. Apple Operations International, which provided 30% of Apple's worldwide net profits from 2009 to 
2011, doesn't pay taxes anywhere. 
4. Apple's US profits keep ending up in Ireland, too. 
5. Most of the $102 billion Apple is keeping "overseas" is in US banks. 
6. The magic of "check-the-box" makes whole companies disappear 
7. Apple is seemingly terrible at estimating its own taxes 
In annual reports between 2009 and 2011, the company told investors it was setting aside $13.7 billion 
to pay federal taxes — but it has actually paid only $5.3 billion. Those set-asides are only advance 
estimates, but it's pretty strange that each year they're off by many billions of dollars. As a result, 
Apple's actual US tax rate is only 20.1%, much lower than the 24% to 32% it said it was paying. Absent 
this congressional investigation, we wouldn't know the difference. 
And as Mark Gongloff wrote in the Huffingtoo Post — The 1 Chart That Reveals Just How Grossly Unfair 
The U.S. Tax System Has Become — shows is how dramatically corporate tax contributions have shrunk in the 
past several decades, and how our personal taxes have risen to fill the gap. Payroll taxes now make up 35 percent 
of all federal government tax receipts, up from 11 percent in 1950. Corporate income taxes, meanwhile, now 
make up less than 10 percent of federal revenue, down from about 26 percent in 1950. To explain those numbers 
a little more clearly: people who are on the payrolls of companies now bear way more of a tax burden than those 
companies bore decades ago. Those companies, meanwhile, bear less of a burden than we ever did. And this 
doesn't include individual income tax, which accounts for about 46 percent of total federal tax receipts, roughly 
the same as 60 years ago. 
EFTA01188663
--- PAGE 14 ---
Figure 2. Sources of Federal Revenue, Fiscal 1950-2010 
4. 
y
V 
10Ct 
Excise Taxes 
- 
- 
Corporate Income Tax 
- 
- 
- I 
1950 
1960 
1970 
1980 
Year 
Source: Budget of the United States Government, Fiscal Year 2012. Historical Tables: Table 2 
httpd/www.whitehouse.gov/omb/budget/Historicals 
Individual Income Tax 
1990 
2000 
2010 
Business Insder 
And the tota corporate contribution to federal revenue, including employers' share of payroll taxes, has dwindled 
from 32 percent in 1950 to about 17 percent today. Employer contributions to payroll taxes make the unfairness 
of the tax code slightly less unfair, but the trend is still clear and dramatic: Corporations are paying a lot less than 
they used to. 
But echoing both Rand Paul and Tim Cook, we probably should not be so mad at Apple for doing what the law 
allows. Instead, we should be mad that the law allows Apple and other companies to keep billions of dollars of 
cash offshore and out of the government coffers, where it could be helping the unemployed and our crumbling 
infrastructure and such. Another thing we can get mad about is how the "corporate tax reform" that Cook and 
other corporate leaders are always banging on about will actually serve to make it so companies pay even less in 
taxes than they do now. 
In addition to Apple, there is a growing number of companies employing complex aggressive strategies 
to shelter billions of dollars in overseas income. In an article this week in the New York Times —
The Corporate Tax Dodge — Steven Rattner tells the story of American drug maker Actavis which 
announced that it would spend $5 billion to acquire Warner Chilcott, an Irish pharmaceuticals 
company less than half its size. Buried in the fifth paragraph of the release was the curious tidbit that 
the new company would be incorporated in Ireland, even though the far larger acquirer was based in 
Parsippany, N.J. The reason? By escaping American shores, Actavis expects to reduce its effective tax 
rate from about 28 percent to 17 percent, a potential savings of tens of millions of dollars per year for 
the company and a still larger hit to the United States Treasury. And Actavis is hardly alone in fleeing 
to lower-tax countries. For example, Eaton Corporation, a diversified power management company 
based for nearly a century in Cleveland, also became an "Irish company"when it acquired Cooper 
Industries last year. 
EFTA01188664
--- PAGE 15 ---
Here's the point: As muddled and broken as the individual income tax system maybe, the rules under 
which the government collects corporate levies are far more loophole-ridden and counterproductive. 
That's not entirely Washington's fault. Unlike individuals, multinational corporations can shuttle 
profits — and sometimes even their headquarters — around the globe in search of the jurisdiction 
willing to cut them the best deal on taxes (and often other economic incentives). Much of this occurs 
under the guise of "transfer pricing,"the terms under which one subsidiary of a multinational sells 
products to another subsidiary. The goal is to generate as high a share of profit as possible in the 
lowest-taxed jurisdictions. A study by the Congressional Research Service found that subsidiaries of 
United States corporations operating in the top five tax havens (the Netherlands, Ireland, Bermuda, 
Switzerland and Luxembourg) generated 43 percent of their foreign profits in those countries in 2008, 
but had only 4 percent of their foreign employees and 7 percent of their foreign investment located 
there. 
The ultimate consequence is that this new paradigm , it is a race to the bottom on the part of revenue-
starved governments eager to attract even a relatively small number of new jobs. As a consequence, the 
effective corporate tax rate in the United States fell to 17.8 percent in 2012 from 42.5 percent in 1960, 
according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. (The share of federal revenues arriving at the 
Treasury from companies has fallen even more sharply, in part because an increasing number of 
businesses are taxed as individuals rather than as corporations.) And this is just not fair at a time of 
soaring corporate profits and stagnant family incomes. 
Business groups, naturally, say the best way to bring jobs and cash home is for Washington to stop 
taxing profits earned overseas by American companies altogether. But that idea makes little sense. 
While changing to this "territorial system" would allow some of the estimated $1.7 trillion of cash 
"trapped" overseas to come home free of tax, it would both cost the Treasury an estimated $130 billion 
in revenue over the next 10 years and provide greater incentives for American companies to continue 
to move jobs and production overseas. Happily, the gaming of the tax system is becoming a global 
concern, with an action plan coming from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and 
Development in July. Rattner says that the O.E.C.D. should work toward taxing business profits where 
they actually occur, not where they've been shifted by some tax adviser. As we strive for a global 
solution, we should take a number of interim steps, including better policing of transfer pricing. 
In addition, President Obama has made constructive proposals to reduce the incentive to move jobs 
overseas by imposing a minimum tax on foreign earnings and delaying certain tax deductions related 
to overseas investment. Perhaps most provocatively, we should consider taxing a greater share of the 
profits made by companies not at the corporate level, where they are subject to oh-so-much gaming, 
but rather at the shareholder level. As corporate taxes have declined, corporate profits have increased. 
That has pushed up stock prices and been a boon to shareholders. It hardly seems unfair to ask those 
who already benefit from bargain tax rates on capital gains and dividends to share some of those gains 
with the government. But when lobbyist are working hand in glove with legislators drafting corporate 
tax reform it is difficult to believe that the new legislation won't be froth with loopholes and incentives 
benefiting the same companies that they are suppose to rein in. 
It's Not Just One Bad `Apple' 
Earlier this week, a Senate panel investigated how Apple avoided billions in taxes through a web of offshore 
subsidiaries "so complex it spanned continents and went beyond anything most experts had ever seen." 
Although the company may have achieved, in the words of Sen. Carl Levin, the "holy grail of tax avoidance," 
EFTA01188665
--- PAGE 16 ---
senators didn't accuse Apple of doing anything illegal and it is by no means alone in its use of loopholes and 
gimmicks to avoid paying taxes. 
Here's a list, topped by Apple, of to companies that increased their offshore holdings in the past year. 
WiInline image 2 
The U.S. corporate tax rate is 35 percent — one of the highest in the world - but as The New York 
Times reported yesterday, the effective corporate tax rate (what companies actually pay)"fell to 17.8 
percent in 2012 from 42.5 percent in 1960," according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Another 
chart from the Citizens for Tax Justice shows to companies that managed to do much better than average, 
paying little or no taxes for the past five years. Dollar amounts are numbers in millions and "rate" is the 
effective tax rate that the companies paid. 
isn. inline image 4 
****** 
In The Economist last week — Libor in a Barrel — the article starts out; "IT IS a lesson of the 
past five years that benchmarks in unregulated markets can fall victim to the incentives they create. 
Subprime mortgages bundled into securities often won high scores from ratings agencies that stood to 
profit in a busy market. The London Interbank Offered Rate, LIBOR, was sometimes underestimated 
by banks which were cast in a healthier light by lower interest rates. Has something similar been going 
on in energy? Answering this question was the sub-title — Oil markets fall under the suspicion 
ofprice-fixing on a global scale. This suspicion became public after a series of raids on May 14th 
by the European Commission's competition authorities. The commission declared that it feared oil 
companies had "colluded"to distort benchmark prices for crude, oil products and biofuels. Royal 
Dutch Shell, BP, Norway's Statoil and Italy's ENI (which was not raided) all said that they were co-
operating with the commission. The competition authorities also called on the London offices of 
Platts, a subsidiary of McGraw Hill, an American publisher and business-information firm, which sets 
reference prices for these commodities. 
As The Economist points out that the volumes of oil and products linked to these benchmark prices 
are vast. Futures and derivatives markets are also built on the price of the underlying physical 
commodity. At least 200 billion barrels a year, worth in the order of $2o trillion, are priced off the 
Brent benchmark, the world's biggest, according to Liz Bossley, chief executive of Consilience, an 
energy-markets consultancy. The commission has said that even small price distortions could have a 
"huge impact" on energy prices. Statoil has said that the commission's interest goes all the way back to 
2002. If it is right, then the sums involved could be huge, too. The authorities are tight-lipped about 
their focus, but they seem to be examining the integrity of benchmark prices. Each day Platts's 
reporters establish a reference price by following the value of public bids and offers during a half-hour 
"window"before a set time-4:3opm in London, for example. This "Market-on-Close" (MOC) method 
is based on the idea that using published, verifiable deals to set the price is more reliable than having 
reporters ring around their pals, who might be tempted to talk their own books. Plait keenly defends 
the MOC method. It points out that it ignores bids, offers and deals that are anomalous or suspicious. 
"We are not aware of any evidence that our price assessments are not reflective of market value," it 
says, before declaring that it stands behind its method. 
EFTA01188666
--- PAGE 17 ---
Yet such price-setting mechanisms have come in for criticism. The International Organization of 
Securities Commissions (IOSCO), a grouping of financial regulators, said last year that the potential 
for false reporting "is not mere conjecture." Total, a French oil giant that was not raided this week, 
told IOSCO that benchmark prices were out of line with the underlying market "several times a year". 
In an investigation into trading by Gunvor, a Swiss-based firm, The Economist wrote last year that the 
benchmark for Urals oil has sometimes seemed vulnerable to distortion. Nobody knows what, if 
anything, the present investigation will find. The authorities should be scouring firms' books for 
trades within the half-hour window that are offset in the futures markets. Perhaps they will find deals 
used in Platts's assessment that are quietly unwound by the oil companies in private. They should also 
check shipping registers to see that cargoes have actually changed hands, or whether deals are 
fictitious. If any of these tricks could distort the benchmark by even a few cents, it might create a 
handy profit on contracts that are priced off it. 
Oil consumers have been quick to rage at news of this week's raids. The belief that oil companies rip 
off consumers is as unshakable as the idea that Rockefeller was good with money. "Our members...will 
be incandescent if what many have long suspected—that is price fixing — proves to be true,"said 
Robert Downes, of the Forum of Private Business, a British group that backs small firms. In fact, if 
there have indeed been price distortions, then these could as well have nudged prices down as forced 
them up — because oil traders make money on price movements, not just rises It is a complicated 
picture and the EU's competition authorities are likely to take months or years before deciding 
whether they suspect any oil companies of having committed a crime. Meanwhile, a reform of the oil 
markets is unlikely to come anytime soon. Despite IOSCO's fears of price distortion, it backed away 
from recommending changes — after fierce lobbying from the industry. And this is a problem for 
everyone.... 
Humorist Bill Mayer use to have a segment in his HBO show, Real Time with Bill Mayer that he 
called Dispatches From The Bubble, which highlighted ridiculous positions and comments, as well 
as stupid behavior by politicians, celebrities, business elite and average folks. One example of this is 
the hypocrisy whereby Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), arguing against legislation to 
require expanded campaign finance disclosure while at the same time asking for full transparency on 
Benghazi, drone strike policies and other issues that might embarrass the Obama Administration and 
the Democrats. The senator pointing to the current furor over how the IRS mishandled applications 
from the Tea Party and other conservative groups for tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(4) of the 
Internal Revenue Code — Mr. McConnell wrotr that the IRS scandal shows that political donors must 
be protected from possible "intimidation"by the government, that Washington is out to "target people 
because of their beliefs." 
But as the Editorial Board of the Washington Post wrote that although such practices are common 
in other countries but not in the United States, this IRS failure was an exception and not the rule. 
Meanwhile, the political process is sliding backward toward the practices of the years before the 
Watergate reforms. More than $300 million in secret contributions were spent by outside groups in 
the 2012 presidential and congressional races. In the last cycle, a large share of the hidden cash was 
channeled through 501(c)(4) tax-exempt organizations. And here's a key fact that often gets 
overlooked: Under the rules, these organizations don't have to disclose their donors to the IRS. 
Leaving the public in the dark. Secrecy denies vital information to voters about who is contributing to 
which candidates. Very often, these contributions are made in search of influence on policy. We think 
openness here is a more valuable public good than is providing a cloak for every fat cat who wants to 
remain hidden. 
Prior to the current hyper-partisanship, both Republicans and Democrats use to agree that disclosure 
should be a pillar of campaign finance. The in 2010, the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United 
v. Federal Election Commission opened the door to unlimited contributions by corporations, wealthy 
EFTA01188667
--- PAGE 18 ---
individuals and labor unions. It should not be forgotten that in Citizens United a majority of the court 
reaffirmed the importance of disclosure. But having won on the issue of contribution limits, many 
Republicans abandoned their previous support for disclosure. Since then Republicans have blocked 
every attempt by Congress to enact laws for more transparency. 
Now Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) has joined with a Republican, Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, to offer a 
fresh attempt at a bipartisan bill, the Follow the Money Act, which, they declared, will cover "the full 
universe of independent political spenders." One welcome idea in the bill is real-time electronic 
reporting and disclosure of contributions. It is not clear whether the mechanism of the bill would 
deliver the worthy goal of universal coverage, but there is time to hammer out details. TWP: It's 
significant that Ms. Murkowski has become the first Republican in a while to sign up for a campaign 
disclosure bill, and we hope she can persuade others to join her. Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) 
reintroduced the Disclose Act in January, and a version is expected to be introduced in the Senate by 
Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.). This legislation also has valuable provisions, such as requiring 
corporations and unions to disclose their campaign-related spending to shareholders and members. 
The road to passage for any legislation this year is going to be uphill, but the push for greater 
openness deserves support. In a political system saturated with cash, transparency is the best hope for 
accountability. 
******* 
This week in Pro Publica, Kim Barker and Justin Elliott wrote — Six Facts Lost in the IRS 
Scandal - to counter the furious fallout by both conservatives and Democrats from the revelation 
that the IRS flagged applications from conservative nonprofits for extra review because of their 
political activity, some points about the big picture — and big donors — have fallen through the cracks. 
Below please find the authors Top 6 list of need-to-know facts on social welfare nonprofits, also 
known as dark money groups because they don't have to disclose their donors. The groups poured 
more than $256 million into the 2012 federal elections. 
1. Social welfare nonprofits are supposed to have social welfare, and not politics, as 
their lrimary"purpose. 
A century ago, Congress created a tax exemption for social welfare nonprofits. The statute defining the 
groups says they are supposed to be "operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare." But 
in 1959, the regulators interpreted the "exclusively" part of the statute to mean groups had to 
be `primarily" engaged in enhancing social welfare. This later opened the door to political spending. 
So what does "primarily" mean? It's not clear. The IRS has said it uses a 'facts and circumstances" 
test to say whether a group mostly works to benefit the community or not. In short: If a group walks 
and talks like a social welfare nonprofit, then it's a social welfare nonprofit. This deliberate vagueness 
has led some groups to say that "primarily" simply means they must spend 51 percent of their money 
on a social welfare idea — say, on something as vague as "education," which could also include issue 
ads criticizing certain politicians. And then, the reasoning goes, a group can spend as much as 49 
percent of its expenditures on ads directly advocating the election or defeat of a candidate for office. 
So far, the IRS has avoided clarifying any limits. 
2. Donors to social welfare nonprofits are anonymous for a reason. 
Unlike donors who give directly to politicians or even to super PACs, donors who give to social welfare 
nonprofits can stay secret. In large part, this is because of an attempt by Alabama to force the NAACP, 
EFTA01188668
--- PAGE 19 ---
then a social welfare nonprofit, to disclose its donors in the 1950s. In 1958, the Supreme Court sided 
with the NAACP, saying that public identification of its members made them at risk of reprisal and 
threats. The ACLU, which is itself a social welfare nonprofit, has long made similar arguments. So has 
Karl Rove, the GOP strategist and brains behind Crossroads GPS, which has spent more money on 
elections than any other social welfare nonprofit. In early April 2012, Rove invoked the NAACP in 
defending his organization against attempts to reveal donors. 
3. The Supreme Court's Citizens United decision meant that corporations could pay for 
political ads, anonymously, using social welfare nonprofits. 
In January 2010, the Supreme Court ruled that corporations and unions could spend money directly 
on election ads. A later court decision made possible super PACs, the political committees that can raise 
and spend unlimited amounts of money from donors, as long as they don't coordinate with candidates 
and as long as they report their donors and spending. Initially, campaign finance watchdogs believed 
corporations would give directly to super PACs. And in some cases, that happened. But not as much 
as anyone thought, and maybe for a reason: Disclosure isn't necessarily good for business. Target 
famously faced a consumer and shareholder backlash after it gave money in 2010 to a group backing a 
Minnesota candidate who opposed gay rights.. 
4. Social welfare nonprofits do not actually have to apply to the IRS for recognition as 
tax-exempt organizations. 
With all the furor over applications being flagged from conservative groups — particularly groups with 
"Tea Party," "Patriot" or "9/12" in their names — it's worth remembering that a social welfare 
nonprofit doesn't even have to apply to the IRS in the first place. Unlike charities, which are supposed 
to apply for recognition, social welfare nonprofits can simply incorporate and start raising and 
spending money, without ever applying to the IRS. The agency's nonprofit wing is mainly concerned 
about ferreting out bad charities, which are the biggest chunk of nonprofits and the biggest source of 
potential revenue. After all, the IRS's main job is to collect revenue. Charities allow donors to deduct 
donations, while social welfare nonprofits don't. 
5. Most of the money spent on elections by social welfare nonprofits supports 
Republicans. 
Of the more than $256 million spent by social welfare nonprofits on ads in the 2012 elections, at least 
8o percent came from conservative groups, according to FEC figures tallied by the Center for 
Responsive Politics. None came from the Tea Party groups with applications flagged by the IRS. 
Instead, a few big conservative groups were largely responsible. 
Crossroads GPS, which this 
week said it believes it is among the conservative groups "targeted" by the IRS, spent more than $70 
million in federal races in 2012. Americans for Prosperity, the social welfare nonprofit launched by 
the conservative billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, spent more than $36 million. American 
Future Fund spent more than $25 million. Americans for Tax Reform spent almost $16 million. 
American Action Network spent almost $12 million. 
EFTA01188669
--- PAGE 20 ---
6. Some social welfare groups promised in their applications, under penalty of perjury, 
that they wouldn't get involved in elections. Then they did just that. 
Much of the attention when it comes to Tea Party nonprofits has focused on their applications and how 
the IRS determines whether a group qualifies for social welfare status. Reporting on dark money in 
2012, ProPublica looked at more than 100 applications for IRS recognition. "One thing we noted 
again and again: Groups sometimes tell the IRS that they are not going to spend money on elections, 
receive IRS recognition, and then turn around and spend money on elections." The application to be 
recognized as a social welfare nonprofit, known as a 1024 Form, explicitly asks a group whether it 
has spent or plans to spend "any money attempting to influence the selection, nomination, election, 
or appointment of any person to any Federal, state, or local public office or to an office in a political 
organization." 
The American Future Fund, a conservative nonprofit that would go on to spend millions of dollars on 
campaign ads, checked Igo" in answer to that question in 2008. The very same day the group 
submitted its application, it uploaded this ad to its YouTube account: Even before mailing its 
application to the IRS saying it would not spend money on elections in 2010, the Alliance for America's 
Future was running TV ads supporting Republican candidates for governor in Nevada and Florida. It 
also had given $133,000 to two political committees directed by Mary Cheney, the daughter of the 
former vice president. Another example of this is the Government Integrity Fund, a conservative 
nonprofit that ran ads in last year's U.S. Senate race in Ohio. Its application was approved after 
it told the IRS that it would not spend money on politics. The group went on to do just that. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
My job, as President, is to advocate for policies that generate more opportunity for everybody --
policies that strengthen the middle class and give more people the chance to climb their way into the 
middle class. Policies that create more good jobs and reduce poverty, and educate more children, 
and give more families the security of health care, and protect more of our children from the horrors 
of gun violence. That's my job. Those are matters of public policy, and it is important for all of us --
black, white and brown -- to advocate for an America where everybody has got a fair shot in life. 
Not just some. Not just a few. 
President Barrack Obsuna — May 19, 2013 
FAMOUS WORDS 
As I hurtled through space, one thought kept crossing my mind - every part of this 
rocket was supplied by the lowest bidder. 
— John Glenn 
When the white missionaries came to Africa they had the Bible and we had the land. 
They said 'Let us pray.' We closed our eyes. When we opened them we had the Bible 
EFTA01188670
--- PAGE 21 ---
and they had the land. 
- Desmond Tutu 
America is the only country where a significant proportion of the population believes 
that professional wrestling is real but the moon 
Landing was faked. 
- David Letterman 
After the game, the King and the pawn go into the same box. - Italian proverb 
Men are like linoleum floors . Lay'em right and you can walk all over them for thirty 
years. 
- Betsy Salkind 
The only reason they say 'Women and children first' is to test the strength of the 
lifeboats. 
- Jean Kerr 
I've been married to a communist and a fascist, and neither would take out the 
garbage. 
- Zsa Zsa Gabor 
You know you're a redneck if your home has wheels and your car doesn't. - Jeff 
Foxworthy 
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car Or a new wife. 
Prince Philip 
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing. 
Emo Philips 
Wood burns faster when you have to cut and chop it yourself. 
— Harrison Ford 
The best cure for sea sickness, is to sit under a tree. 
- Spike Milligan 
Lawyers believe a man is innocent until proven broke. 
- Robin Hall 
Kill one man and you're a murderer, kill a million and you're a conqueror. 
- Jean 
Rostand 
Having more money doesn't make you happier. I have 50 million dollars but I'm just 
as happy as when I had 48 million. 
- Arnold 
Schwarzenegger 
EFTA01188671
--- PAGE 22 ---
We are here on earth to do good unto others. What the others are here for, I have 
no idea. 
WH Auden 
In hotel rooms I worry. I can't be the only guy who sits on the furniture naked. 
- 
Jonathan Katz 
If life were fair Elvis would still be alive today and all the impersonators would be 
dead. 
- Johnny Carson 
I don't believe in astrology. I am a Sagittarius and we're very skeptical. 
- Arthur C 
Clarke 
Hollywood must be the only place on earth where you can be fired by a man wearing a 
Hawaiian shirt and a baseball cap. 
- Steve Martin 
Home cooking. Where many a man thinks his wife is. - Jimmy burante 
America is so advanced that even the chairs are electric. 
- Doug Hamwell 
The first piece of luggage on the carousel never belongs to anyone. 
- George 
Roberts 
If God had intended us to fly he would have made it easier to get to the airport 
Jonathan Winters 
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it. 
- Robert 
Benchley 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week, I would like to share the music of legendary R&B artist Luther Vandross, whose smooth, 
silky voice gave soul to songs about life, love and relationships. Born April 20, 2013 in New York City 
and raised in the tradition of gospel and soul, he began his career his career in a high school group, 
Shades of Jade, that once played in the famed Apollo Theater in Harlem. He was also a member of 
a theater workshop, "Listen My Brother" who released the singles "Only Love Can Make a Better 
World" and "Listen My Brother", and appeared on the second and fifth episodes of Sesame Street in 
November 1969, as well as writing and performing jingles for television commercials. He was the 
founder of the first-ever Patti LaBelle fan club. During his four-decade career, Vandross sold more 
than 25 million copies, each one of his 14 albums achieving either platinum or multi-platinum status. 
It was after a chance meeting with David Bowie at a recording studio in 1975 that Vandross was asked 
to sing backup on Bowie's hit album, "Young Americans." Later, Vandross served as Bowie's opening 
act. Vandross also sang backup for Dianna Ross, Roberta Flack, Carly Simon, Chaka Khan, Todd 
Rundgren's Utopia, Donna Summer, Bette Midler and Barbra Streisand. When record companies 
rejected him, Vandross used his own money to produce his 1981 debut album, "Never Too Much." It 
went on to top the R&B charts and sold 2 million copies. By the end of the 1980s Vandross had nearly 
EFTA01188672
--- PAGE 23 ---
two dozen smash singles, including "Give Me the Reason," "Stop to Love" and "There's Nothing Better 
Than Love," made with Gregory Hines. Arguably his most memorable hit was the 1989 classic, "Here 
and Now," which has become a wedding staple. 
The momentum carried into the 199Os, with Vandross recording "The Best Things In Life Are Free," a 
pop duet with Janet Jackson that hit the Top 10 and No. 1 on the MB charts. He followed that in 1994 
with "Endless Love," a duet with Mariah Carey that reached No. 2 on the pop charts. "I was Luther 
from day one, from the day I began, and I think that's a very important thing," he once said. "I think 
that's what sustained my career for so long is that when I start, you know it's me." One of his greatest 
hits, "Dance With My Father" he once said that the song was based on his father whom he died when 
he was 8 years old. Vandross struggled with health and image problems, claiming that he lost 100 
pounds --13 times. He suffered from hypertension and diabetes, which killed two siblings and his 
father, but refused to slow down until his stroke in 2OO3. Luther Vandross died of another stroke on 
July 1, 2005 at the age of 54. I invite you to enjoy the music of the great Luther Vandross who is one of 
the greatest singers ever and in my Pantheon of Music. 
Luther VanDross - A House is not a Home — https://www.youtube.corn/watch?v=GraIBMNBbKo 
Luther Vandross - Love Won't Let Me Wait -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ9UHdyZcog
luther vandross - Dance With My Father Again -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=dgLHVi40Gc8 
Luther Vandross — If Only For One Night -- https://www.youtube.corn/watch?v=-
Er74vU219c&list=RDO2dgLHVi40Gc8 
Luther Vandross - Creepin 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNPmfXudDwM 
EFTA01188673
--- PAGE 24 ---
Luther Vandross - Always And Forever -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm4wAmsGM
Luther Vandross - Here And Now -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Rgj-FGm9H4 
Luther Vandross - Superstar/ Until You Come Back to Me -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=tIEftiiYMI8 
Luther Vandross & Mariah Carey - Endless Love -- https://www.youtube.comlwatch? 
v=Nu9RVPTpilyA 
Luther Vandross - Don't Want To Be A Fool -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmEHKF99v2I 
Luther Vandross — The Power of Love/Love Power -- https://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=Nj7Bmbr3UF0 
Luther Vandross - Never Too Much -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRQJq 1 byqCs 
Luther Vandross 8r Cheryl Lynn — If This World Were Mine -- https://www.youtube.comlwatch? 
v=N8ufCd-DYt8 
Luther Vandross - A Change Is Gonna Come -- https://www.youtube.conilwatch?v=IqUM7OYPQIM 
Luther Vandross - Aints No Stoppin Us Now -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-5ySit0gFI
I hope that you enjoyed this week's offerings and wish everyone a great Memorial Day holiday 
weekend 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Parolees. LLC 
US 
Tel 
SL 
EFTA01188674

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188675.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 18:57:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188675

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188676.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188676

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188677.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188677

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188678.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188678

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188679.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Jeffrey►® <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2013 20:13:39 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; photo.JPG 
Sent from m iPhonegi 
EFTA01188679

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: LinkedIn Updates 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacationgginail.com> 
Subject: LinkedIn Network Updates. 3/05/2013 
Date: Tue. 05 Mar 2013 12:08:40 s 0000 
Link,11-
Network Updates, Feb 26 - Mar 5 
Is; Linkedln 
Featured Updates 
Ins 
Jeffrey Epstein is now connected to Cora Marrett and I other person 
Updates from Your Extended Network 
Connect with them to see what they're up to 
; lye 
Bruce Reinhart 11th Circuit strikes down warrantless. suspiciontess drug testing for welfare recipients. 
uc 
Federal court blocks Florida drug-test law.  hut G_o_v_Scolt..., 
View All Updates 
Gov. Rick Scott is vowing to to take his case for drug-testing welfare applicants to the U.S. Supreme Court after a federal appeals court refused to 
lift a ban on the 2011 law he pressed into passage. 
Corned with Bruce • C0MMCI. 
`Tula Mahi S I am looking for TIBCO SOA JAVAArchilect. Help me find the right person. 
hi 
2TIBCO 
TIBCO SOA JAVA Architect(United States-Minneapolis -Minnesota) 
SOA 
Job Description: Should have a wide knowledge of J2EE. SOA Web services space. Well conversant with emerging technologies 
JAVA 
tools in SOA Space. Excellent Good customer interaction. vendor coordination and presentation... 
ArchilectlUni 
;5" gie 
frutnActwoh Mau 
Angie M Jordan http://goo.gliyHTYI 
`,What If 
What If Today...You Shared Your Joy? 
Today... 
"Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls." ' Mother Theresa 'They didn't laugh? Really? And all you had on was your 
You Shared 
bathing suit? No shoes or towel? Nothing?" "Not a peep. g... 
Your Joy? 
Connect wall Angie M Unman! 
Scott Allen httpi/goo.gtfw7P3w 
;pot 
not Influence' 
Influence? The stories we tell teach others how to treat us: your story is the secret to creating real influence. 
Connect with Scot! examen'. 
View All Updates 
How 
about 
these 
Felicia gAJos 
Aiwa 
Abram ctiricit 
Pa
a 
Chris 
Sultan 
the 
stria) sre
Andrew Veranika PA:rot'
ha p tin 
A a 
Kelvin 
Kasha Mark I;RI3ru 
ce 
Rernha g"i Da
nisi 
a 
;lien 
' rode 
DSter 
an' 
Bums 
Jonathon Oats gP el
Ape 
Lo ur
c r
t
ld 
L
I:11
a 
1St& 
a
mem
Bensoya 
Fisher Epstein 
FeitaS LI oya_on 
1" ,
people? 
Yoe 
Nelneec Uparter, 
Unsubea•ibe.
irk 
J -Ter Ep>ten Learn why we included this c 2013. Linke::"11Coeptxat on. 2029 Stern C., 51.culY.al View. CA 94O:3. USA 
EFTA01188680

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188681.pdf
----------------------------------------
FE. .9. 2 "S' 
1 117S1 
In 
3814 CROWN BAY f8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (3401 778.8800 
FAX: (340) 774-3170 
www.malvhoom 
SOLO TO 
LSJ, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUANT8S, 83
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
FORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775.1655 
FAX (340) 775.3309 
www.Interiorsvl.com 
SHIP TO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-2134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
AC:Gaunt.
< 
, . , 
•. . ' : °Vara i' -
.. 
.
. •;;# . ii ':••7- 1 iiiiiit;
;:
: 
. . . 
--.... 
__ ... 
::tp.kTEINTERISS.;• ; 
' ''SISIiiN•: r EXPIRAliON RATE 
712100 
50018064 
NET. 10Th POLLONIN 
02/19/13 
PJP 
03/06/13 
oRDEREG - • • 
. 
.„ 
-. 
PRICE 
. 
AMOUNT 
EA 
EA 
BA 
8H).,4X8 
•489614RWLy• 
:.LN9 
- 5F..YOU 
EA 
EA 
***4 QUOTE 
I i...,
6. X6'.X20'4 1 & BTR 40PCS/BoL 
TRD 0.14 GC UCA-C 
6X6X20T 
LN4 : 5 
CUT IN HALVES 
PCS 10' LONG 
CUTTING CHARGE 
CUTTING 
LN4 : 7 
3X6X16 41 & BTR 845 64PCS/BDL 
TRD 0.14 GC CCA-C 
3X6X16T 
, .... , .. 
RAMOO :Mil; VINYL BATTIOS 
'. :- 
r;20 .
..- 
..- 
RBQUIRE 32•DEEBTS OF ': 
.4 .. 
LATTICE AND ONCE WE HILL HAVE TO 
ORDER THIS QUANTITY POR YOU. 
THEREFORE WE HILL NEED ADVANCE 
NOTICE IN ORDER TO HAVE THEM 
AVAILABLE WHEN NEEDED. 
ABUSE STANDOFF POST BASE 
ADJUSTABLE 
ABUBB 
INW : 30 
SIMPSON S/B6X76 XZEG3 ANCHOR 
8/S 
5/8X7SSWA 
LN4 : 40 
106.790 
0.500 
41.190 
36.990 
114.290 
9.040 
I
854.22 
5.00 
1153.32 
1183.68 
1828.64 
795.52 
February 19, 2013 09:22:14 OT:PJP 
M680142AOME 
• QUOTE • 
. 
ITHPYA 
OTHBR 
RR= 1 OF 2 
10 
FREIGHT 
TOTAL 
EFTA01188681
--- PAGE 2 ---
9. 2 
9:29Svil 
VS: 
I;1 
1 MS1 
et
Pia 0401 
P. 2 
3R14 CROWN BAY #8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 776.8800 
FAX: (340) 7744170 
www.mosivi.com 
SOLD TO 
1.53, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
PORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775-1655 
FAX (340) 776.3309 
vnvw.Intetionvi.cum 
SHMTO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-8134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIll 
, . 
ACCOUNTS.
• autiteir••• 
 *. itglimetii ;....• 
"., ..oiritsiirt:iso:•• .. :- • iismN . 
POIRATION OATS. 
712100 
50019064 
I NEC 107.H FOLLOWIN 
02%19/13 
2:11
03%00/13 
oaoriteo - 
• 
"F. qtr.scarK44- • 
FAM E 
. . AMOUNT 
: 
: 
LONGEST WE CARRY IN STOCK. IF. 
TH78 IS NOT LONG ENOUGH, THEN WE
CAR SPECIAL ORDER TEE LEHOHT THAT 
IS REQUIRED. 
t 
•••• 
•.. 
: 
.-•.••• 
.. 
it/ 
r
7.: i 
,, 
1: -
E. -- 2  
•t.e:,...... 
ft\ -1 ! 
.14 
4:::5... 
.:: 
February 19, 2013 09,22:14 OT:PJP 
MERCHANDISE 
5820.4A 
!Ultra 
OTHER 
0.00 
* QUOTE
EASE 2 OF 2 
10 
i 
0.00
FREIGHT 
0.00_1 
TOTAL 
5520.48 
EFTA01188682

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188683.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 13:39:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188683
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188684
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188685

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188686.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 13:39:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188686
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188687
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188688

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188689.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Steven Victor MD <1 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 13:41:06 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
what is it? 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, Mar 5, 2013 at 9:39 AM 
Subject: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation®gmail.cotn>
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188689

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188690.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Ting, Jess" <, 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 13:43:51 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
what is it? 
Forwarded message -----
From: Jeffrey leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, Mar 5, 2013 at 9:39 AM 
Subject: 
To: jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188690

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188691.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188691

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188692.pdf
----------------------------------------
FE. .9. 2 "S' 
1 117S1 
In 
3814 CROWN BAY f8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (3401 778.8800 
FAX: (340) 774-3170 
www.malvhoom 
SOLO TO 
LSJ, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUANT8S, 83
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
FORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775.1655 
FAX (340) 775.3309 
www.Interiorsvl.com 
SHIP TO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-2134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
AC:Gaunt.
< 
, . , 
•. . ' : °Vara i' -
.. 
.
. •;;# . ii ':••7- 1 iiiiiit;
;:
: 
. . . 
--.... 
__ ... 
::tp.kTEINTERISS.;• ; 
' ''SISIiiN•: r EXPIRAliON RATE 
712100 
50018064 
NET. 10Th POLLONIN 
02/19/13 
PJP 
03/06/13 
oRDEREG - • • 
. 
.„ 
-. 
PRICE 
. 
AMOUNT 
EA 
EA 
BA 
8H).,4X8 
•489614RWLy• 
:.LN9 
- 5F..YOU 
EA 
EA 
***4 QUOTE 
I i...,
6. X6'.X20'4 1 & BTR 40PCS/BoL 
TRD 0.14 GC UCA-C 
6X6X20T 
LN4 : 5 
CUT IN HALVES 
PCS 10' LONG 
CUTTING CHARGE 
CUTTING 
LN4 : 7 
3X6X16 41 & BTR 845 64PCS/BDL 
TRD 0.14 GC CCA-C 
3X6X16T 
, .... , .. 
RAMOO :Mil; VINYL BATTIOS 
'. :- 
r;20 .
..- 
..- 
RBQUIRE 32•DEEBTS OF ': 
.4 .. 
LATTICE AND ONCE WE HILL HAVE TO 
ORDER THIS QUANTITY POR YOU. 
THEREFORE WE HILL NEED ADVANCE 
NOTICE IN ORDER TO HAVE THEM 
AVAILABLE WHEN NEEDED. 
ABUSE STANDOFF POST BASE 
ADJUSTABLE 
ABUBB 
INW : 30 
SIMPSON S/B6X76 XZEG3 ANCHOR 
8/S 
5/8X7SSWA 
LN4 : 40 
106.790 
0.500 
41.190 
36.990 
114.290 
9.040 
I
854.22 
5.00 
1153.32 
1183.68 
1828.64 
795.52 
February 19, 2013 09:22:14 OT:PJP 
M680142AOME 
• QUOTE • 
. 
ITHPYA 
OTHBR 
RR= 1 OF 2 
10 
FREIGHT 
TOTAL 
EFTA01188692
--- PAGE 2 ---
9. 2 
9:29Svil 
VS: 
I;1 
1 MS1 
et
Pia 0401 
P. 2 
3R14 CROWN BAY #8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 776.8800 
FAX: (340) 7744170 
www.mosivi.com 
SOLD TO 
1.53, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
PORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775-1655 
FAX (340) 776.3309 
vnvw.Intetionvi.cum 
SHMTO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-8134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIll 
, . 
ACCOUNTS.
• autiteir••• 
 *. itglimetii ;....• 
"., ..oiritsiirt:iso:•• .. :- • iismN . 
POIRATION OATS. 
712100 
50019064 
I NEC 107.H FOLLOWIN 
02%19/13 
2:11
03%00/13 
oaoriteo - 
• 
"F. qtr.scarK44- • 
FAM E 
. . AMOUNT 
: 
: 
LONGEST WE CARRY IN STOCK. IF. 
TH78 IS NOT LONG ENOUGH, THEN WE
CAR SPECIAL ORDER TEE LEHOHT THAT 
IS REQUIRED. 
t 
•••• 
•.. 
: 
.-•.••• 
.. 
it/ 
r
7.: i 
,, 
1: -
E. -- 2  
•t.e:,...... 
ft\ -1 ! 
.14 
4:::5... 
.:: 
February 19, 2013 09,22:14 OT:PJP 
MERCHANDISE 
5820.4A 
!Ultra 
OTHER 
0.00 
* QUOTE
EASE 2 OF 2 
10 
i 
0.00
FREIGHT 
0.00_1 
TOTAL 
5520.48 
EFTA01188693

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188694.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jermaine Ruan"
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: local mac laptops in stock 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 14:28:57 +0000 
Inline-Images: image002.png 
Good Morning Boss, 
Currently, the vender "Techbox" only has the 13" Mac book Pro in stock for $2000.00 (online 
$1,199.00) 
u wJ 
11,
-kr? 
Lar, r 
The other venders will have to special order any Mac computers. 
Should I have one purchased? 
Respectfully submitted, 
JRuan 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [malltoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 05, 2013 6:27 AM 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: 
pleae find out which apple laptops are availble locally 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA01188694
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188695

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188696.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Erika Kellerhals 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: <no subject> 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 14:28:37 +0000 
[Mine-Images: 7B8B96A5-A17A-4855-9256-43BDEEA09109[41].png 
I am about to send what I believe is last piece of information for Banking and Insurance to DKI for review. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Partner 
Kellerhals Ferguson Fletcher Kroblin LLP 
9100 Port of Sale Mall 
Suite 15 
St. Thomas. U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Office: 
Fax: 
Notice: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient or believe that you have received this 
communication in error. please do not prit copy. re-transmit. disseminate. or otherwise use this information. Also, please indicate to the sender that you have 
received this e-mail in error. and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure compliance with the requirements imposed by the IRS. we inform you that any tax advice contained in our communication (including any 
attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used. for the purpose of (i) avoiding any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
EFTA01188696

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188697.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 15:04:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: petrie-apartment-sofajpg; petrie-apartment-sofa(1).jpg 
I'm waiting for an answer from Sacco on arrival date of rug.. will let you know. 
Sofas, are you referring to sofas for pool cabana? I was under the impression we were still trying to figure out the 
best configuration of the room once the rug arrives and the media center for chill room so you can see it first and 
see if another configuration of that storage unit would work for the pool cabana, as well as if the color of the sofa 
should be white considering the rug will be white(maybe too much white?) 
If you aren't happy with the current couches in pool cabana, Crate and Barrel still has these couches in 
stock(same as ones in PB pool cabana) Could be a good option if you want to stick with white couches, or also 
comes in black. 
On Mar 5, 2013, at 9:22 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA01188697
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188698
--- PAGE 3 ---
you did not respond re carpte and sofa eta s? .what else if anything are you working on for me? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188699

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188700.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin Weinberg"
To: "Jeffery Edwards" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 15:53:31 +0000 
Attachments: Invoice_2,_3-5-13.doc 
Close to authorized limit regarding your friend's employee, see attached. OK to send to Rich in this 
format? It would be my intention to forward any additional invoices to the employer-client for 
payment. Marty 
Martin G. Weinberg 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, PC 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
(FAX) 
**************************************************************************** 
This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., 
and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are 
not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
of this message is prohibited. 
***ilk*** ****** ******************** ********* 
******* ************* ******** *** 
EFTA01188700

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188701.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA.SU1TE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
805705, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
FAX 
SIGHT EMERGENCY: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
March 4, 2013 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
MIS 
For legal work from February 28, 2013 through March 4, 2013 on UN 
investigation including multiple T/Cs with client, multiple TIC with employers of 
client, research re UN procedures and protocol, Travel to NYC to interview client 
on 3-2-13: 11 hrs 50 min @ $1000 p/h 
$ 11,834.00 
Expenses (Air Travel & parking 3-2-13) 
$ 
864.80 
Total Fees Owed 
$ 12,698.80 
EFTA01188701

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188702.pdf
----------------------------------------
FE. .9. 2 "S' 
1 117S1 
In 
3814 CROWN BAY f8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (3401 778.8800 
FAX: (340) 774-3170 
www.malvhoom 
SOLO TO 
LSJ, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUANT8S, 83
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
FORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775.1655 
FAX (340) 775.3309 
www.Interiorsvl.com 
SHIP TO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-2134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
AC:Gaunt.
< 
, . , 
•. . ' : °Vara i' -
.. 
.
. •;;# . ii ':••7- 1 iiiiiit;
;:
: 
. . . 
--.... 
__ ... 
::tp.kTEINTERISS.;• ; 
' ''SISIiiN•: r EXPIRAliON RATE 
712100 
50018064 
NET. 10Th POLLONIN 
02/19/13 
PJP 
03/06/13 
oRDEREG - • • 
. 
.„ 
-. 
PRICE 
. 
AMOUNT 
EA 
EA 
BA 
8H).,4X8 
•489614RWLy• 
:.LN9 
- 5F..YOU 
EA 
EA 
***4 QUOTE 
I i...,
6. X6'.X20'4 1 & BTR 40PCS/BoL 
TRD 0.14 GC UCA-C 
6X6X20T 
LN4 : 5 
CUT IN HALVES 
PCS 10' LONG 
CUTTING CHARGE 
CUTTING 
LN4 : 7 
3X6X16 41 & BTR 845 64PCS/BDL 
TRD 0.14 GC CCA-C 
3X6X16T 
, .... , .. 
RAMOO :Mil; VINYL BATTIOS 
'. :- 
r;20 .
..- 
..- 
RBQUIRE 32•DEEBTS OF ': 
.4 .. 
LATTICE AND ONCE WE HILL HAVE TO 
ORDER THIS QUANTITY POR YOU. 
THEREFORE WE HILL NEED ADVANCE 
NOTICE IN ORDER TO HAVE THEM 
AVAILABLE WHEN NEEDED. 
ABUSE STANDOFF POST BASE 
ADJUSTABLE 
ABUBB 
INW : 30 
SIMPSON S/B6X76 XZEG3 ANCHOR 
8/S 
5/8X7SSWA 
LN4 : 40 
106.790 
0.500 
41.190 
36.990 
114.290 
9.040 
I
854.22 
5.00 
1153.32 
1183.68 
1828.64 
795.52 
February 19, 2013 09:22:14 OT:PJP 
M680142AOME 
• QUOTE • 
. 
ITHPYA 
OTHBR 
RR= 1 OF 2 
10 
FREIGHT 
TOTAL 
EFTA01188702
--- PAGE 2 ---
9. 2 
9:29Svil 
VS: 
I;1 
1 MS1 
et
Pia 0401 
P. 2 
3R14 CROWN BAY #8 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE: (340) 776.8800 
FAX: (340) 7744170 
www.mosivi.com 
SOLD TO 
1.53, LLC CONSTRUCTION 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST THOMAS, VI 00802-1348 
PORT MYLNER SHOPPING CENTER 
ST. THOMAS USVI 00802 
PHONE (340) 775-1655 
FAX (340) 776.3309 
vnvw.Intetionvi.cum 
SHMTO 
DANNY 
227-5323 FAX 775-8134 
ST THOMAS, VI 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIll 
, . 
ACCOUNTS.
• autiteir••• 
 *. itglimetii ;....• 
"., ..oiritsiirt:iso:•• .. :- • iismN . 
POIRATION OATS. 
712100 
50019064 
I NEC 107.H FOLLOWIN 
02%19/13 
2:11
03%00/13 
oaoriteo - 
• 
"F. qtr.scarK44- • 
FAM E 
. . AMOUNT 
: 
: 
LONGEST WE CARRY IN STOCK. IF. 
TH78 IS NOT LONG ENOUGH, THEN WE
CAR SPECIAL ORDER TEE LEHOHT THAT 
IS REQUIRED. 
t 
•••• 
•.. 
: 
.-•.••• 
.. 
it/ 
r
7.: i 
,, 
1: -
E. -- 2  
•t.e:,...... 
ft\ -1 ! 
.14 
4:::5... 
.:: 
February 19, 2013 09,22:14 OT:PJP 
MERCHANDISE 
5820.4A 
!Ultra 
OTHER 
0.00 
* QUOTE
EASE 2 OF 2 
10 
i 
0.00
FREIGHT 
0.00_1 
TOTAL 
5520.48 
EFTA01188703

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188704.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: How To Academy
To:j <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject:New. Jeanette Winterson on the Winter's Tale. Max Hastings on Spies. Ranulph Fiennes on Heat. And 
Trees, Dostoevsky, Henry V, the Beauty of Physics. 
Date: Wed, 26 Aug 2015 09:36:50 +0000 
Autumn Programme 
01.10.2015 
Evening Event, 7:00pm - 8:15pm 
how to: An Evening with Jeanette Winterson 
with Jeanette Winterson 
Join us as one of our most imaginative storytellers presents her latest work, The Gap 
of Time. A retelling of Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale, this is a deeply personal 
EFTA01188704
--- PAGE 2 ---
story from the highly acclaimed author of Oranges are Not the Only Fruit. 
EFTA01188705
--- PAGE 3 ---
BUSINESS 
EFTA01188706
--- PAGE 4 ---
21.09.2015 
how to: Speak in Public 
with Edie Lush 
All of us have to do it —'say a few words" — at one time or another. Most of us are terrified by the thought 
of it. But don't panic. This three-hour workshop will enable you to make fear of your audience a thing of 
the past. 
Does the prospect of addressing a roomful of people leave you weak with terror? Does your mouth dry up 
and your stomach turn over at the invitation to speak? Can you imagine a future in which you can stand 
up and speak to a crowd without feeling like a fool? Make your fear a thing of the past. This practical and 
interactive session is for people who want to appear confident and in control even when they are feeling 
the exact opposite. By exploring concepts of effective communication we will work on your presence and 
your content to ensure that you have command of your impact and come across as engaging, memorable, 
authoritative — and relaxed. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188707
--- PAGE 5 ---
a 
EFTA01188708
--- PAGE 6 ---
25.09.2015 
how to: Sell (The art of getting anyone to say yes to anything) 
with Gavin Presman 
Do you sometimes realise that your job relies as much on changing minds, as on your particular specialist 
skill? Do you sometimes struggle to get people to buy what you're selling, whether it's your product, your 
ideas, or even your personality? Have you ever wondered why some people can persuade others 
effortlessly? 
COURSE OUTLINE 
How to: Sell Anything will transform your understanding and approach to selling, using practical and 
effective techniques to increase your influence. It will show you how we all rely on salesmanship: whether 
you're an account manager or an artist, an entrepreneur or an engineer — the secret of succss is your 
ability to get a yes. 
Combining 15 years of experience in sales and motivation with the latest psychological research into the 
science of influence, this workshop demonstrates how selling is fundamental to our professional and 
personal lives, and that the strategies and conventions of influence are inextricably bound to our day-to-
day interactions. The workshop is built around the key factors that motivate us to buy in the first place, so 
you can create selling solutions that provide the best deal for everyone. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188709
--- PAGE 7 ---
a 
EFTA01188710
--- PAGE 8 ---
18.09.2015 
how to: Negotiate 
with Gavin Presman 
Do you have to negotiate in your business, family or personal life? Do you sometimes wonder whether 
you are getting the best deal for your business, your family, or yourself? 
How to: Negotiate will teach you the proven strategies and tactics that professionals use to get more from 
every deal. It will show you how applying the simple principles of win/win negotiation will leave you richer 
in every area of your life. 
This powerful workshop will engage and inspire you to take a new look at how you negotiate in all areas of 
your life. Designed following fifteen years of research into the most effective negotiation practice, it will 
equip you to negotiate effectively in 2014 and beyond. Fundamental to the workshop will be the belief that 
most effective negotiators work collaboratively for long term mutual gain, so we won't be learning any 
short term gambits here, just effective and honest strategies that are proven to get results. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188711
--- PAGE 9 ---
SI 
HISTORY 
EFTA01188712
--- PAGE 10 ---
30.09.2015 
how to: Spies, Codes and Guerrillas 1939-1945 
with Max Hastings 
In this talk for the How To Academy based on his new book on Spies. Codes and Guerrillas. Max Hastings 
will talk about the espionage and intelligence machines of all sides in World War II, and the impact of 
spies, code•breakers and partisan operations on events. 
He will examine key moments, such as the Soviet espionage operations which dwarfed those of every 
other belligerent in scale, as well as the code breaking operation at Bletchley Park — the greatest 
intelligence achievement of the conflict. 
The talk will also touch on other less well known tales of high courage ashore, at sea and in the air such 
as womanising Richard Sorge pretending to be a committed Nazi whilst spying for the Soviet Union from 
the German embassy in Tokyo. and Joseph Rochefort, the awkward, overlooked US naval intelligence 
officer who in a moment of inspiration became the man who won the battle of Midway. 
For an evening full of high policy, human drama, treachery. guerrilla warfare, ciphers. clandestine 
meetings in cafes, and wireless operators tapping out messages across the airwaves, this is the talk to 
come to. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188713
--- PAGE 11 ---
a 
EFTA01188714
--- PAGE 12 ---
08.10.2015 
how to: English Monarchs. Elizabeth II, Victoria, William & Mary, 
Henry V 
with Anne Curry, Douglas Hurd, Helen Castor, Jane Ridley, Jonathan Keates 
Following on from the huge success of the first series of talks to launch the Penguin Monarch series, the 
How To Academy is delighted to present another evening of talks and discussion. Join us to hear Douglas 
Hurd on Elizabeth II, Jane Ridley on Victoria, Jonathan Keates on William & Mary and Anne Curry on 
Henry V. 
Moderated by historian Helen Castor, this promises to be another fascinating exploration of the nature of 
Monarchy and its place at the heart of our history. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188715
--- PAGE 13 ---
TECHNOLOGY 
EFTA01188716
--- PAGE 14 ---
18.11.2015 
how to: Is Silicon Valley the New Welfare State? 
with Evgeny Morozov 
In this special talk for the How To Academy in the intimate and ultra cool setting of Second Home. Evgeny 
Morozov, one of the most brilliant and respected commentators on the Internet, will discuss one of the 
most important issues today: namely. how technology companies promise us a seemingly genuine path 
towards social mobility. Thus, they are more than happy to provide the public with free services in 
exchange for our data. 
Initially those services were limited to communication and search online but today they increasingly 
include services that promise better healthcare (think wearables). better education (think MOOCs). better 
transportation (think Uber) and even better and free connectivity for all (think Intemet.org). 
But what are the moral, political, and social consequences of accepting this free bargain? And why are our 
governments so eager to go along with Silicon Valley's plans? 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188717
--- PAGE 15 ---
a 
EFTA01188718
--- PAGE 16 ---
a 
EFTA01188719
--- PAGE 17 ---
SI 
NATURE 
EFTA01188720
--- PAGE 18 ---
24.09.2015 
how to: The Company of Trees. (A Personal Journey with Thomas 
Pakenham) 
with Thomas Pakenham 
In this talk acclaimed historian and bestselling author Thomas Pakenham , the original Man of the Trees, 
will share his profound love of trees. 
Drawing on his new book The Company of Trees Thomas will recount his personal quest to establish a 
large arboretum at his family estate, Tullynally in Ireland, his forays to other tree-filled parks and 
plantations, his often hazardous seed-hunting expeditions, and his efforts to preserve magnificent old 
trees and historic woodlands. 
We will also journey with him to the Tibetan border in search of a magnolia and to Eastern Patagonia to 
see the last remaining giants of the Monkey Puzzle tree, to Tibet's Tsango Gorge which yields more than 
100 bags of seeds, including the Tibetan golden oak, the Tsango cypress and blue-stemmed maples. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188721
--- PAGE 19 ---
EXPLORATION 
EFTA01188722
--- PAGE 20 ---
13.10.2015 
how to: An Evening with Ranulph Fiennes 
with Ranulph Fiennes 
In this talk for the How To Academy, the world's greatest living explorer who has travelled to some of the 
most remote, dangerous parts of the globe and is well-known for his experiences at the poles and 
climbing Everest, will talk about how he has also endured some of the hottest conditions on the planet, 
where temperatures regularly exceed 40 degrees and, without water and shelter, death is inevitable. 
Ranulph Fiennes was awarded the Order of the British Empire (OBE). One of Britain's most famous 
explorers, he has raised over £14 million for charity and was named Best Sportsman in the 2007 ITV 
Great Briton Awards. In 2009 he became the oldest Briton to reach the summit of Everest and in 2015. the 
oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188723
--- PAGE 21 ---
a 
SCIENCE 
EFTA01188724
--- PAGE 22 ---
29.09.2015 
how to: Understand the Universe 
with Carlo Rovelli 
Join us for an unmissable lunchtime talk by Carlo Rovelli, the author of the bestselling Seven Brief 
Lessons on Physics: an 80 page book on physics written for readers that know little or nothing about the 
subject which has now sold over 300,000 copies. 
For this talk, not in 80 pages but in less than hour, Professor Rovelli will explain in simple terms some of 
Einstein's theory of general relativity, quantum mechanics, black holes, the complex architecture of the 
universe, elementary particles, gravity and the nature of the mind. 
The strangeness, the mysteries, the poetry, and especially the intense beauty of the world described 
today by physics will be entertainingly revealed and you will be able to wonder at the bending of space, 
the slowing of time, the wavy nature of matter, the quanta of space. the vastness of the cosmos, and the 
mysterious relation between heat and time. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188725
--- PAGE 23 ---
a 
EFTA01188726
--- PAGE 24 ---
01.10.2015 
how to: Print in 3D and How your Future will be Changed 
with IT IS 3D 
In this presentation, you will learn: 
• how 3D printers work 
• what they are capable of doing (and what they can't — yet) 
• where the technology came from 
• how it is used today 
• its implications for the future in such fields as engineering. architecture, house building, medicine, space 
travel & aerospace, in food and in the world of fashion 
• and whether you should buy one — the answer may not be the one you expect to hear. 
You will also be able to see 3D printers working, and explore both 3D scanning and 3D design (with 
integrated haptics!) 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188727
--- PAGE 25 ---
CONFERENCE 
EFTA01188728
--- PAGE 26 ---
01.12.2015 
CONFERENCE 
how to: WAYS TO CHANGE THE WORLD 
with Ian Goldin, Christopher Choa, Ewan Birney, Lewis Dartnell, Eldad Tzahor, Suchitra 
Sebastian, Robin Carhart-Harris, Steven Cowley, Michael Osborne, Carl Benedikt Frey, 
Sarah Harper, Vlatko Vedral, Anders Sandberg, Patrick Decowski, moderated by Matthew 
Taylor 
Now in its second year the How To Academy Conference on " How To Change the World" will be held on 
the 1st December 2015 at the Royal Institution. Tickets are priced at £145 inc Vat. 
Themes covered will include: The Future in 15 years, Driverless Vehicles, Bioinformatics, Hunting 
for Alien Life, Fixing a Broken Heart , Quantum Materials, Psychedelic Drugs, Fusion Energy, 
Living to 100, Technology at Work:The Future of Employment, Bio-Inspired Quantum 
Technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Transhumanism and the Universe filled with Ghostly 
Particles.. 
Moderated by Matthew Taylor, the Chief Executive of the RSA, it will feature 14 world class scientists and 
technologists from the Oxford Martin School, Cambridge University, Imperial College, the Weizmann 
Institute and the Institute of Physics at the University of Amsterdam, with a keynote talk on the Future by 
Professor Ian Goldin from the Oxford Martin School. 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188729
--- PAGE 27 ---
LITERATURE 
EFTA01188730
--- PAGE 28 ---
16.09.2015, 30.09.2015, 14.10.2015, 28.10.2015, 11.11.2015, 25.11.2015, 09.12.2015 
how to: Read - The Great Writers Series 
with Will Self, Frances Wilson, Jonathan Keates, Paul Keegan, Professor Robert Douglas-
Fairhurst, Sarah Churchwell, Zachary Leader 
Special Pass for all 7 Talks £175. (Usual price £280) Book Now 
In the Great Writers series, the How To Academy have invited a host of distinguished writers and critics to 
introduce a monumental work of their choice. Whether it's Ulysses or Alice in Wonderland. Herzog or The 
Brothers Karamazov, you will come away equipped to make the book a friend for life. 
16th September: James Joyce, Ulysses with Will Self 
30th September : Lewis Carroll. Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, with Robert Douglas-Fairhurst 
14th October : Saul Bellow: Herzog with Zachary Leader 
28th October : F Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby with Sarah Churchwell 
11th November : Thomas De Quincey, Confessions of an English Opium-Eater with Frances Wilson 
25th November : Henry James. The Spoils of Poynton with Jonathan Keates 
9th December : Dostoevsky, The Brothers Karamazov with Paul Keegan 
Read more and book now 
EFTA01188731
--- PAGE 29 ---
a 
EFTA01188732
--- PAGE 30 ---
a 
EFTA01188733
--- PAGE 31 ---
2. 
EFTA01188734
--- PAGE 32 ---
Follow on Facebook 
Follow on Twitter 
Copyright © 2015 How To Academy. All rights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you opted in our website http://howtoacademy.com and indicated you wished 
to receive news about courses and offers. 
Our mailing address Is: 
How To Academy 
Aldridge Road Villas 
London. England W11 1BL 
United Kingdom 
Add us to your address book 
how to: unsubscribe 
update subscription preferences 
EFTA01188735
--- PAGE 33 ---
EFTA01188736

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188737.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188737

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188738.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2013 15:32:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188738
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01188739
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188740

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188741.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188741

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188742.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ion nicola 
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2013 11:24:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01188742
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188743
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188744

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188745.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Manuela E. &atter 
To: Manuela E. &atter < 
Subject: Tonight!!! June 6th 
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2013 13:01:25 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: EDC493DC_48CA_4558_A6CF_AF72310F0071.png 
Finally... June 6th has arrived! 
The Thorn Tree Fundraiser is tonight 
June 6th 
Avoid waiting in line by buying your ticket now!! at www.goo.gl/e5MAu 
Urban Zen Center 
711 Greenwich Street (between 10th and Charles) 
6pm to 9:30pm 
It is going to be an incredible, fun and exciting evening -- African madness at the Bazaar, a 
stunning Silent Auction that Clodagh has helped put together, groaning grazing tables and 
a great bar with Linda's famous martinis and lots of wine and bubbly!! 
See you there tonight! 
Learn more about the Thorn Tree Project or like us on Facebook. 
EFTA01188745
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188746
--- PAGE 3 ---
Vr 
THE THORN TREE PROJECT'S 
11"
 ANNUAL 
AFRICAN 
BAZAAR 
& SILENT 
AUCTION 
THURSDAY. JUNE 6"'.2013 6- 9:30PM 
URBAN ZEN CENTER 711 GREENWICH ST 
(BETWEEN CHARLES AND WW1 
Suggested donation: $S0 at the door 
$40 online with pre.rnistration at wwwgaffsliaMrs 
OUR MISSION 
The Thorn Tree Protest is a I dErs vcauntetrirun.50I le II of-pontoon dui ante together to help the 
Samburu people of Northern Kenya aide their dreams of waning education Aar thew dadren 
motion Is to help as may or the Sambas <Wren as posy* to go to school and to receive the lewd 
of edwatein that they and their (knits desire 
With heap from our friends, sponsors and donors, we support' II preschools and I 
primary schools. attended by more than 1,100 students. ITS sponsored nudent • 
attend secondary school and university. 
SHOP OUR AFRICAN BAZAAR 
We nee wooden tools caved by the vrarnon five types of bracelets and wadi( beaded by the 
Sinai, nether, colorful kap% and Mewl Ventral trathnoNtiNnanta ea" Hoge. Wien 
wk.(' ter the beach—al of them at Keettan Edna 
THE COOLEST SILENT AUCTION IN NEW YORK CITY 
Tan year you eel be able to use how unmoor* to bet We eel 'weal:imitate' wren %abate 
bas so yew an hap track ol you,  frame tens whet iholdeng at de Mican Baal. a inn'thel on 
(Menus treats Iran our tenon G 
ng Tn. 
Os Skint Auction we once ion be tel of ,new art ale photograph/James at some of NTC, 
Mot restaurant, club membershipt laity pa packages and watery, getaways There wet ea be 
design, furtstwe 
and accessories tor the hone. along with hbuion nations to &rope ad 
Alna You weepy3v,, 
oak any rem anent tiepins 
Don't genet to upload the likkling for Good App before the went For advanced 
ticket sales and silent auction registration riser www.goo.gite5MAu 
)IVORN 
TREE 
•O PROJECT 
Snead Nomadic Education founation. Inc 
maga IM0OTA CI Clean 
SOUNITAISON, PC 
THORNTRE PROJEC T ORG 
SPONSORS 
BIG JOHN'S 
"
.
"XX
.t .t.
'
' '' 
IMIPEAIA 
EFTA01188747

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188748.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2013 14:43:23 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: IMG_0442.JPG 
..i checked mamluk architecture, but there are so many different architecture. 
i notice the top of the arch is a little sharp. i draw here something..what do you think? do the stones in the 
corner of the building smaller too and sharp corners? 
or if you find a picture can you please send it to me and i can reproduce. 
thank you, 
ion 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Thu, 6 Jun 2013 07:24:02 -0400 
To: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188748

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188749.pdf
----------------------------------------
....~~`. 
EFTA01188749

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188750.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA01188750

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188751.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ann rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Birds - Parrots & Cockatoos 
Date: Fri, 07 Jun 2013 12:46:44 +0000 
Attachments: Green_wing„Scarlet,Blue_&_Gold_Macaw_Parrots.jpg; 
Umbrella & Crested_Cockatoojpg 
Hey Bossman, 
attached images from MD Bird Farm. 
Louie's Pet Shop on St. Thomas: $1,500 Cockatoo (1 Left) 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected from 
disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmaiLcom> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Sent: Friday, June 7, 2013 7:05 AM 
Subject: 
can we get prices on the birds? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188751

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188752.pdf
----------------------------------------
Green Wing Macaw 
Scarlet Macaw 
Blue & Gold Macaw 
Our Price: $2,000.00 
Quantity in Stock .5 
Availability:: Usually Ships in 1 to 2 Weeks 
Product Code GREEN-WING-MACAW 
Choose your options... 
If Out of Stock/Click here to place a 25% refundable deposit for the first available position 
Qty 
Add to Cart > 
• add to wishlist 
Our Price: $1.900.00 
Quantity in Stock 6 
Availability:: Usualty Ships in 1 to 2 Weeks 
Product Code SCARLET-MACAW 
If Out of Stock/Click here to place a 25% refundable deposit for the first available position 
Oty 
Add to Cart > 
• add to wishlist 
Our Price: $1.500.00 
Quantity in Stock 4 
Product Code 8LUEGOLD-MACAW 
oose your options... 
If Out of Stock/Click here to place a 25% refundable deposit for the first available position 
OtY: 
Add to Cart > 
+ add to wishlist 
EFTA01188752

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188753.pdf
----------------------------------------
Umbrella Cockatoo Babies - White, Yellow Cockatoo 
Lesser Sulphur-Crested Cockatoo 
+ larger photo 
email a friend 
Our Price: SI 450 00 
Harboson, Delaware 19951 
Ad #468953 
Name: 
Species: 
Ad Type: 
Sex: 
Color: 
While 
Age: 
Size: 
Hatch Date: 
Ready Date: 
Characteristic: 
Companion 
Cute 
S1.700 
Umbrella Cockatoo 
Babies 
Cockatoo 
For Sale 
Mixed 
Yellow 
Baby 
Medium 
Feb 5, 2013 
Apr 30, 2013 
Handfed 
Pet 
Playful 
Tame 
More Information at: mdbirdfarm.com 
Quantity in Stock 2 
Availability:: Usually Ships in 1 to 2 Weeks 
Product Code LESSER-SULPHUR-CRESTED-COCKATO 
If Out of Stock?Click here to place a 25% refundable deposit for the first available position 
nuke 
-, Send 
Alternative views 
El 
Add to Cart > 
• add to wishlist 
EFTA01188753

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188754.pdf
----------------------------------------
ty • 
4Tar • 1,- 7".
— 
" 
-46
w•1 
ft :BEE Jr 
"- 
• 
EFTA01188754

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188755.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188755

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188756.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188756

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188757.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188757

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188758.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188758

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188759.pdf
----------------------------------------
• • 
mas! 
III 
atm
■ ■ 
• 
• 
= 
■ 411111 
• 
• 
tt=laTIOI Wife 
Me 
!I 
..--oissowniolitis• 
a 7.. ...resairs1=511111r4i 76.—
!IX:"...:^CF"..."Ctrtele2's 
sAlt.s 
eirst 
Ci= 
J At
ietWsrle%; 
%WASS 
agN,..t#M1
e 
■ 
- risman 
See 
• 
=
r 
• 
OS 
• 
smile 
IN 
agp
, • 
e 
• 
ea. 
• 
a a 
■ 
a 
EFTA01188759

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188760.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188760

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188761.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188761

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188762.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
1111i11111 II 11111111 I 
No_ is 
• 
• 
a 
maw ,..- := 
• 
ill 
Fa lii 
I 
U 
• 
Ns 
p
o
w 
is in 
I iii 
_ 
nip* 
-• 
;ii 
i 
la 
••• 
• 
ode 
• 
• 
II 
ii 
NO 
.•. 
I; 
4110 
. .... 
MN 
MI 
I 
IS
I 
is 
mg iii 
; 
—
.... 
. 
I 
i 
• 
MO 
I 
I= 
I 
I 
lid 
... til 
I is I 
I 
..... 
I .i.- 
I 
i 
I 
i 
II I 
I 
Olin 
„. es 
• 
'all 
r • 
i • 
. • 
-- 
.... 
I 
MI 
Ilio.  
a 
• 
.., I • 
•:, 
-/ IMP. 
WO .... ' 
in 
'a ' I in 
i no 
MOO 
• 
EFTA01188762

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188763.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188763

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188764.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188764

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188765.pdf
----------------------------------------
S 
I
n. 
•
.
CI • 
li 
EFTA01188765

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188766.pdf
----------------------------------------
‘*1 
EFTA01188766

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188767.pdf
----------------------------------------
Lett: Yellow-streaked or Glossy Lory ... Right: Green-naped Lory 
CO 2010 Photo by Bryan Photography 
Featured Photo 
http.MotologuelpfoloW 
Licensed under Creative 
CornmonsAnnbubon 2.0 
or later version 
EFTA01188767

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188768.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188768

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188769.pdf
----------------------------------------
1110Panan 
EFTA01188769

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188770.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188770

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188771.pdf
----------------------------------------
2:1: ryto Cy Naga ACM 
:sows a 
vs...Ceara 
mit** : 1. ve ••••••• 
EFTA01188771

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188772.pdf
----------------------------------------
leSiosinciNooH ii\m4 
EFTA01188772

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188773.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188773

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188774.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188774

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188775.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188775

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188776.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188776

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188777.pdf
----------------------------------------
-7
Zr".... 
; 4: 
".  ••
:". 
EFTA01188777

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188778.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188778

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188779.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLC 
ISO 9001:2008 
Nr QMS-0007GLIS 
aill11171 
-, 
SPORTIS Joint Stock Company 
84-207 Koleczkowo, POLAND 
Bojano, 27.05.2013 
ATTN.: Roy Hodges 
OFFER FOR SPORTIS S-10500/K 
Rigid Inflatable Boat 
S-10500/K outboard version 
Registered with no:KRS 0000067475 
Bank account: 
Tel: 
in Regional Court Gdansk-P6Inoc 
NORDEA BANK POLSKA SA. 
Tel: 
in Gdansk 
Branch II Gdynia 
F 
VAT UE: PL 5881840279 
No. EUR 09 1440 1084 0000 0000 0600 7937 
e-
Share capital: 2.058.170 PLN paid 
MAY SpDfliS rna pl 
EFTA01188779
--- PAGE 2 ---
I. TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION 
Main data 
Main characteristic 
Boat SPORT'S 5-10500/K is a RIB boat which consist of pneumatic buoyancy tube and 
rigid hull. This model is outfitted with cabin. 
Bottom, deck and console are made of glass reinforced plastic GRP. Buoyancy tube is made of 
ORCA fabric covered by HYPALON®. 
Dimensions 
 length over all: 
- 10,50 m; 
 breadth 
 
- 3,50 m; 
height 
- 3,40 m. 
 buoyancy tube diameter:
- 0,60 — 0,53 m; 
 designed draft 
- 0,50 m; 
 freeboard 
- 0,70 m; 
 capacity: 
- 3000 dm3; 
 quantity of buoyancy chambers: 
- 9; 
 weight of the empty boat: 
- ca. 4500 
kg; 
 max persons (seating places): 
- 2+16;
 deck area: 
- 7,2 m'; 
 outboard engine power: 
- 2x350 
HP; 
 cabin length: 
- 3,25m 
 cabin breadth: 
- 2,40m 
 cabin height: 
- I,95m 
Buoyancy and stability of the boat: 
The construction of the boat thanks to it proper weight ballast guarantees very good stability 
and seaworthiness. Buoyancy tube guarantees unsinkability of the boat in case of flooding or hull 
damage. 
Construction 
Hull and cabin materials. 
Main construction material is glass-polyester laminate. 
Binding materials: 
 polyester resin; 
 elastic polyester resin; 
 gelcoat (external part of grp); 
 polyester topcoat; 
EFTA01188780
--- PAGE 3 ---
 DIAB foam; 
Reinforcement: 
 fibre-glass mats 
 rowing fabric; 
Additional materials: 
 initiator of resin hardening agent; 
 accelerator of resin hardening; 
 putty. 
All constructional materials have Class certificates of the Notified Bodies. 
Lamination if made by vacuum infusion method. Connections of the elements and stiffeners 
are made before hardening of the laminate. 
Buoyancy tube fabric. 
The basic woven fabric used for the buoyancy tube is made of high quality polyester fibres 
gummed on both sides with blends based on the chloroprene caoutchouc while the outside part of 
the fabric has been additionally coated with HYPALON which gives the fabric such characteristics 
as resistance to: abrasion, crude oil products, decay, ultra violet operation, sea water within 
temperatures -1°C up to +30°C, corrosion, short term operation of flames, temperatures of the 
ambient air -30°C up to +65°C. 
Fabric parameters: 
 specific weight of the fabric - 1360 g/m2; 
 resistance to elongation: 320+350 daN/5cm; 
Connections 
For gluing the tube the high quality chloropene glue is used 
Propulsion 
Propulsion is made by twin outboard engines Yamaha 350 HP each. 
Basic steering and navigation devices. 
The is outfitted with steering system consist of: steering wheel, hydraulic steering gear and 
engine steering: double throttle levers with cables. 
Inside the cabin, on steering panel, there will be installed navigation devices (GPS, 
echosounder, VHF, radar), electric panels, engine panels. 
There are navigation lights mounted on cabin. 
Fuel installation. 
Fuel installation consist of the internal stainless steel tank, elastic fuel hoses (ace to ISO 
7840). Fuel tank capacity is 2x350 I. Fuel installation is outfitted with cut of emergency, manual 
valves. 
EFTA01188781
--- PAGE 4 ---
Electric installation 
Main components 
There are two electric circuits: 
 engine; 
 deck devices. 
Each of the circuit consist of: 
 cables with connectors; 
 engine alternator; 
 batteries 3x100Ah; 
 electric receivers; 
Construction of electric installation 
All electric devices are suitable to work in sea conditions. There is battery charger from 
quay mounted on the boat and connected to batteries. 
The cables and protections are according to Polish Register of Shipping rules.. 
Bilge system 
Boat is equipped with electric and manual bilge pumps with water outlets on the transom. 
Cabin 
Closed cabin with sliding doors, two pneumatic chairs for crew and benches for the rest of 
passengers . Glass windows with wipers, lights inside cabin, hatch on roof and bow part of the 
cabin. Stainless steel railings inside and outside. Air-conditioning. 
H. OFFER 
GRP HULL: 
- color to be chosen 
- closed hull 
- anti-skid deck 
- self-bailing deck 
- two water bailing outlets 
- bow eye 
- two aft eyes 
- lifting eyes 
- engine hood 
- "U" bench outside the cabin 
PNEUMATIC TUBE: 
- pneumatic tube made of Hypalon ORCA 
- color to be chosen 
- nine independent tube chambers 
- Leafield inflation/deflation valves 
- Leafield pressure relief valves 
- double fender 
- external lifeline 
EFTA01188782
--- PAGE 5 ---
- internal lifeline 
- antislip patches on top of the tube 
CABIN: 
- closed 
- wipers on windows 
- windows made of glass 
- pneumatic chairs for 2 persons crew and benches for 10 persons 
- window washers 
- navigation lights 
- lights inside cabin 
- hatch on roof and bow 
- railings inside cabin 
- railings on the top of the cabin 
- sliding doors 
- electric panels 
- A/C 
- bow compartment designed for storing luggage 
OUTFITTING: 
- steering system 
- batteries 
- electric installation 
- bilge pumps: manual and electric 
- two stainless steel fuel tanks 350 I each 
- navigation lights 
- bow bollard 
- battery charger from quay 
- compass 
- navigation Garmin GPSMAP 7012 with 2 screens, echosounder and VHF 
- searchlight 
- small outfitting like paddles, boat hook, extinguishers (2pcs), life jackets (l0pcs) 
- stainless steel protection above the engines 
ENGINES: 
- two times Yamaha 350 HP each 
III. WARRANTY 
We give 2 years warranty for the boat, engines, electronic and navigation equipment and other 
outfitting. 
IV. CERTIFICATE 
The boat will be delivered with CE certificate for B category. 
V. PRICE 
Price for a/m scope. 
EUR 187.000,- CFR Caucedo, Dominican Rep., no VAT included. 
VI. DELIVERY DATE 
Construction will take ca. 3 months from the order + 4 weeks of freight 
EFTA01188783
--- PAGE 6 ---
VII. PAYMENT TERMS 
50% at the order 
50% at the delivery 
VIII. VALIDITY OF THE OFFER 
months 
EFTA01188784

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188785.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Fenn, Patrick"  
To: " 
" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Fw: FW: Early Termination Calculation 
Date: Mon, 27 May 2013 12:56:01 +0000 
Attachments: Attachments.zip 
Inline-Images: ATT00001.giE ATT00002.gif 
Thought I had forwarded this last week. Apologies. I'll put some thoughts down re candidate solutions. Let me do that 
while I'm in Europe and we can speak later in the week. That ok? 
From: 
[mallto: 
Sent: Monday, May 20, 2013 08:26 PM 
To: Fenn Patrick 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Fw: FW: Early Termination Calculation 
Hi Patrick, 
Attached are models at the requested $30 and $35 per share value. Thanks, 
Brian 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
ERNST&YOUNG 
Brian Knudson I Partner I National Tax - Partnership and Joint Ventures 
Ernst & Young LLP 
200 South Sixth Street, Suite 1400. Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402. United States of America 
Office: 
Mobile: 
Website: vnrw.ey.com 
Assistant: Lenora Wald I Phone: + 1 
Thank you for considering the environmental impact of printing emails. 
"Fenn, Patrick' <
> 
0512O2013 02:17 PM 
Fw: FW: Early Termination Calculation 
Hi Brian. Additional requests from Epstein. Rest -- you can ignore for now -- is about the Tufts gain stuff that he's now focused on. Thanks 
From: Jeffrey Epstein Itailbo:jeevacationegmail.com
EFTA01188785
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent: Monday, May 20, 2013 08:19 AM 
To: Fenn, Patrick 
Subject: Re: FW: Early Termination Calculation 
could they run the calcuations at a 30 and 35 dollar price for apo , thanks, also have you given tought to 
refreshing the basis in amh.? new loan,? partnership, guaranteed either payments or assignment of tra in 
whole? 
On Mon, May 20, 2013 at 7:46 AM, Fenn, Patrick < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Calculation from Brian Knudson at E&Y. Note that this relates only to the unexchanged units, and does not include the existing TRA 
payments. 
Regards 
Hi Patrick, 
Attached is the calculation that we put together for Leon. As we discussed, this only calculates the estimated early termination 
payment with respect to the APP units held by Leon - it does not yet calculate the estimated early termination payment with 
respect to remaining TRA benefits related to the 2007 exchange. I have added an assumptions tab to the workbook outlining 
many of the items that we discussed. Thanks, 
Brian 
IIIII el ERNST &YOUNG 
Brian Knudson I Partner I National Tax - Partnership and Joint Ventures 
Ernst & Young LLP 
200 South Sixth Street. Suite 1400. Minneapolis. Minnesota 55402. United States of America 
Office: 
I Mobile: 
Website: www.ey.com 
Assistant: Lenora Wold I Phone: + 1 
Thank you for considering the environmental impact of printing emails. 
Any U.S. tax advice contained in the body of this e-mail was not intended or written to be used, 
and cannot be used, by the recipient for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed 
under the Internal Revenue Code or applicable state or local tax law provisions. 
The information contained in this message may be privileged and confidential and protected from disclosure. If the reader of 
this message is not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If 
you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from 
your computer. 
Notice required by law: This e-mail may constitute an advertisement or solicitation under U.S. law, if its primary purpose is to 
advertise or promote a commercial product or service. You may choose not to receive advertising and promotional messages 
from Ernst & Young LLP (except for Ernst & Young Online and the ey.com website, which track e-mail preferences through a 
separate process) at this e-mail address by forwarding this message to no-more-mail@gy.com. If you do so, the sender of this 
EFTA01188786
--- PAGE 3 ---
message will be notified promptly. Our principal postal address is 5 Times Square, New York, NY 10036. Thank you. Ernst & 
Young LLP 
IRS Circular 230 Notice Requirement: This communication is not given in the form of a covered opinion, within 
the meaning of Circular 230 issued by the United States Secretary of the Treasury. Thus, we are required to 
inform you that you cannot rely upon any tax advice contained in this communication for the purpose of 
avoiding United States federal tax penalties. In addition, any tax advice contained in this communication may 
not be used to promote, market or recommend a transaction to another party. 
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-
mail, and delete the original message. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
IRS Circular 230 Notice Requirement: This communication is not given in the form of a covered opinion, within 
the meaning of Circular 230 issued by the United States Secretary of the Treasury. Thus, we are required to 
inform you that you cannot rely upon any tax advice contained in this communication for the purpose of 
avoiding United States federal tax penalties. In addition, any tax advice contained in this communication may 
not be used to promote, market or recommend a transaction to another party. 
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-
mail, and delete the original message. 
Any U.S. tax advice contained in the body of this e-mail was not intended or written to be used, 
and cannot be used, by the recipient for the purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed 
under the Internal Revenue Code or applicable state or local tax law provisions. 
The information contained in this message may be privileged and confidential and protected from disclosure. If the reader of 
this message is not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If 
you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from 
your computer. 
Notice required by law: This e-mail may constitute an advertisement or solicitation under U.S. law, if its primary purpose is to 
advertise or promote a commercial product or service. You may choose not to receive advertising and promotional messages 
from Emst & Young LLP (except for Ernst & Young Online and the ey.com website, which track e-mail preferences through a 
EFTA01188787
--- PAGE 4 ---
separate process) at this e-mail address by forwarding this message to no-more-mail@ey.com. If you do so, the sender of this 
message will be notified promptly. Our principal postal address is 5 Times Square, New York, NY 10036. Thank you. Ernst & 
Young LLP 
IRS Circular 230 Notice Requirement: This communication is not given in the form of a covered 
opinion, within the meaning of Circular 230 issued by the United States Secretary of the Treasury. 
Thus, we are required to inform you that you cannot rely upon any tax advice contained in this 
communication for the purpose of avoiding United States federal tax penalties. In addition, any tax 
advice contained in this communication may not be used to promote, market or recommend a transaction 
to another party. 
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential 
use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message. 
EFTA01188788

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188789.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: ? 
Date: Mon, 27 May 2013 23:12:09 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
EFTA01188789
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhon 
EFTA01188790
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188791

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188792.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 06:25:27 +0000 
Attachments: text_Oixt 
EFTA01188792

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188793.pdf
----------------------------------------
Not sure about 
Gave me wrong cell number 
Does not respond to emails and texts 
Next... 
EFTA01188793

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188794.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Marie-Joseph Experton" < 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: EPSTEIN / Class S 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 08:15:34 +0000 
Attachments: RecapOptions27mail3.doc 
New updated recap attached that I am sending to MERCEDES so I get an accurate order form: 
• Qptions 610,  P46 and 856 deleted, 
• confirmation of color "non-metallic black" 040. 
Best regards. 
Marie-Joseph Experton 
Avocet au Barreau de Paris S' ahli la Bruxelles 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: lundi 27 mai 2013 21:37 
To: 
Subject: Re: EPSTEIN / Class S 
the leave out the telephone thanks and leave it black 
On Mon, May 27, 2013 at 3:20 PM, Marie-Joseph Experton clia. 
wrote: 
Today, I received a mail from Mr. Mauperon from MERCEDES Paris containing an order form which does not 
match the recap I sent to him. He added options not selected. 
Furthermore, about the options, he confirms that technically the rear Entertainment Pack (P46) is required so the 
rear business telephone (856) can be provided. Thus P46 for 2,900E has to be added if 856 is selected. 
About the color "black 040", he stresses the fact that it's a non-metalic color and that he would recommend to 
opt for the "Obsidian black", which is a metalic color with no extra cost. 
Please advise so I can get a new order form corresponding to your wishes. 
Best regards, 
Marie-Joseph Experton 
Avoca! au Barreau de Paris etabli a Bruxelles 
EFTA01188794
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Sent: lundi 27 mai 2013 09:29 
To: 
Subject: RE EPSTEIN / Class S 
Madame Experton, 
[mallto 
Veuillez trouver ci-joint le bon de commande concemant la dasse S 500 L de Monsieur Epstein. La peinture Noir (040) 
est une couleur non metallisee it vaut mieux prendre le noir obsidienne couleur metallisee sans supplement de prix. 
Pour les options comme indique dans mon demier mail, je suis oblige d'ajouter le pack divertissement arriere pour avoir le 
telephone arriere business. Las de notre demiere conversation telephonique vous m'indiquiez que Monsieur Epstein 
souhaitait l'option (610) vision de nuit hors je ne le retrouve pas dans votre recap d'options dois je l'enlever? 
A vous lire, 
Cordialement, 
Sylvain Mauperon 
Chef de Groupe 
Mercedes-Benz Paris - Longchamp 
Filiale de Mercedes Benz France 
Rue de Longchamp 
75116 Paris 
www.paris.mercedes.fr 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188795

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188796.pdf
----------------------------------------
RECAP OF SELECTED OPTIONS 
May 27th, 2013 
Options choisies par NI. Epstein 
OPTION 
CODE 
PAGE 
BROCHURE 
PRICE 
Brochure 
mail dated 
May 21st 
Options selected by Mr Epstein 
Modele S 500 
Version Limousine 5 sieges 
121,400.00 S 500 Model 
Limousine version 5 seats 
Suspension active MAGIC BODY CONTROL avec 
fonction ROAD SURFACE SCAN 
et stabilisation contre le vent lateral 
487 
5,100.00 MAGIC BODY CONTROL active suspension 
with ROAD SURFACE SCAN function and 
stabilisation against lateral wind 
Pack Exclusif 
NB : inclus garniture en cuir Nappa 
P34 
7,700.00 
7,000.00 
Exclusive Pack 
NB : include interior lining in Nappa leather 
Sieges Arriere climatises (chauffants Plus et 
ventiles) 
402 
1,300.00 Air-conditioned back seats (Plus heating-up and 
ventilated) 
Pack Chauffeur 
P07 
1,050.00 Driver Pack 
Banquette arriere 3 places avec sieges exterieurs a 
reglages electriques avec 
fonction Memoires, appuie-tetes confort avec 
coussin supplementaire (aux places exterieures), 
fonction de positionnement PRE-SAFE (aux places 
exterieures) et siege passager avant reglable depths 
l'arriere 
NB : version 5 places 
223 
I 7 
- 3-seat back sofa with multi electricly adjustable side-
seats with multi memory function, comfort head-rests 
with extra cushion (side seats), PRE-SAFE positioning 
function (side seats) and front passenger seat adjustable 
from the back 
NB: 5-seat version 
Siege Arriere Executive 
453 
1,150.00 Executive Back Seat 
EFTA01188796
--- PAGE 2 ---
P09 
Is 
Store electrique de lunette arriere et stores pare-
soleil electriques sur les vitres laterales arriere 
NB : inches dans la version executive limousine 
Electrical back window blind and electrical sun-proof 
blinds on back lateral windows 
NB: included in the executive limousine version 
Couleurs : 
Exterieur noir / interieur beige 
040 
505 
Colors : 
Black exterior / beige interior 
EFTA01188797

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188798.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 10:01:54 +0000 
Attachments: text_O.txt 
Forwarded message 
From 
Date: Tuesday, May 28, 2013 
Subject: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188798

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188799.pdf
----------------------------------------
Not sure about 
Gave me wrong cell number 
Does not respond to emails and texts 
Next... 
EFTA01188799

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188800.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 12:18:51 +0000 
Attachments: text_Oixt 
EFTA01188800

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188801.pdf
----------------------------------------
Not sure about 
Gave me wrong cell number 
Does not respond to emails and texts 
Next... 
EFTA01188801

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188802.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 12:20:09 +0000 
Attachments: text_Oixt 
EFTA01188802

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188803.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you 
EFTA01188803

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188804.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Melanie S inella < 
>, Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 12:48:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823jpg; 
2012_ipa100(2)18bejpg 
I'm available to meet this Thursday or next week or the following week. 
Sent from my Verizon Wimless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
some time soon we will need a meeting melanie, miriam, eileen, tom, . 1. lets assume leon buys a painting , 
has it shipped, framed/restored, shipped.. 2 who pays bills, is each paining individually tracked, for money 
spent on it. increased tax basis , 3. insurance notified? , does leon review.? what about books. , jewelry, „ 
what account, ? who pays, 4. any brokerage accts? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAMC 
ENDE 
MAL 
O.11P 
PrimeGlobal 
CLAWED NOUS ACCOUNTANTS IL ADVISORS 
TISIDE Pub 
Accounting
VTO P 
Cu1 0 0 
•FIRMS 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
EFTA01188804
--- PAGE 2 ---
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print, copy. disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception an
 use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments). unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing. or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01188805

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188806.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thomas Turrin
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 12:54:03 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; 2012_ipa100(2)18bejpg; 
primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823 jpg 
can i have your number to call 
On Tue, May 28, 2013 at 8:48 AM, Thomas Tunin e. 
wrote: 
Pm available to meet this Thursday or next week or the following week. 
Sent from my Veto?! Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
some time soon we will need a meeting melanie, miriam, eileen, tom, . 1. lets assume leon buys a painting , 
has it shipped, framed/restored, shipped.. 2 who pays bills, is each paining individually tracked, for money 
spent on it. increased tax basis , 3. insurance notified? , does leon review.? what about books. , jewelry, „ 
what account, ? who pays, 4. any brokerage accts? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAC 
ENDE 
MALTC 
O. LLP 
INSIDE %Minn 
517015
E11OO 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
EFTA01188806
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication areas strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. II you have 
received this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188807

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188808.pdf
----------------------------------------
V.
EFTA01188808

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188809.pdf
----------------------------------------
- "rr 
7-7;. - 
-,••••'+.4 
W OW • 
••• 
• f' ft - 
sr 
• 
rtirc 
EFTA01188809

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188810.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 12:57:29 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01188810
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188811
--- PAGE 3 ---
SA
SA 
EFTA01188812

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188813.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 28 May 2013 12:57:07 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; 2012_ipa100(2)18bejpg; 
primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823 jpg 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can i have your number to call 
On Tue, May 28, 2013 at 8:48 AM, Thomas Turrin 
wrote: 
I'm available to meet this Thursday or next week or the following week. 
Sent from my Veto?! Wireless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
some time soon we will need a meeting melanie, miriam, eileen, tom, . 1. lets assume leon buys a painting , 
has it shipped, framed/restored, shipped.. 2 who pays bills, is each paining individually tracked, for money 
spent on it. increased tax basis , 3. insurance notified? , does leon review.? what about books. , jewelry, „ 
what account, ? who pays, 4. any brokerage accts? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188813
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAICH 
ENDEi r 
MALTER co LLP 
URTIFICD PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS 
INSIDE iSig_Siinting
VTOP 
Ell 0 0 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such. you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s). you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have 
received this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188814

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188815.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeanluc brunel 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Thu, 30 May 2013 16:17:11 +0000 
Importance: normal 
Attachments: 20130530 190117.jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01188815

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188816.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188816

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188817.pdf
----------------------------------------
[C;OEMT NAME] 
SSN. 
Form 709—United States Gift (and 
Generation-Skipping Transfer) Tax Return 
Tax Year xxxx 
STATEMENT I 
On [DATE], [NAME OF CLIENT] B (the "Donor") transferred 100% of his 
interest in and to Account No. [ 
] at [NAM EOF INSTITUTION], to [NAMES OF 
TRUSTEES], as Trustees of the [NAME OF GRAT] GRAT No. 1 created pursuant to a First 
Written Direction dated [DATE] ("GRAT No. 1") under the the [NAME OF GRAT] GRAT 
Agreement dated [DATE]. Copies of the First Written Direction and said Master Trust (together, 
the "Trust Instruments") are annexed as Exhibit A to this Statement. 
Under the terms of the Trust Instruments, the Donor retained the right to receive 
from GRAT No. 1 an annual annuity payment equal to 54.39% of the initial fair market value of 
the property transferred to GRAT No. 1 for a period of 2 years from the date of the Trustee's 
receipt of such property. The annuity payments are payable to the Donor (or if he is not then 
living, to the Donor's estate) until the second anniversary of the funding of GRAT No.1, at 
which time the remaining assets of GRAT No. 1, after payment of the final annuity amount, will 
pass to the remainder beneficiaries as provided in the Trust Instruments. The Donor's retained 
interest is a qualified annuity interest within the meaning of the Treas. Reg. §25.2702-2(a)(6). 
The interest rate in effect under Section 7520 of the Internal Revenue Code on 
[DATE]was 5.8%. The fair market value of the property transferred to the GRAT No. 1, as 
described above, on [DATE]was $ 
. The value was determined by [NAM EOF 
INSTITUTION], A copy of the valuation report provided by [NAM EOF INSTITUTION], is 
attached as Exhibit B to this Statement. 
The Donor computed the amount of the gift in accordance with Treas. Reg. 
§25.2512-5(d)(1) & (2), which provides that the value of the gift is the value of the property 
transferred less the value of the Donor's retained interest. The value of the Donor's retained 
interest in GRAT No. 1 was determined in accordance with Treas. Reg. § 25.2702-2(b) which 
provides that (i) the value of all retained interests other than a qualified annuity interest is zero 
and (ii) the value of a qualified annuity interest is determined under Section 7520 of the Code. 
The value of the qualified annuity interest as determined under Section 7520 of the Code is 
computed by using Table B in IRS Publication 1457 (7-1999). Based on the facts set forth in 
this Statement, the amount of the gift was determined as follows: 
EFTA01188817
--- PAGE 2 ---
Factor for retained annuity 
(derived from IRS Pub. 1457, Table B, and applicable §7520 rate) 
Term of Years 
Value of Property Transferred 
Annuity Payout Percentage 
= 
= 
= 
$ 
54.39% 
Annual Annuity Payment 
= 
$ 
Annuity Factor 
= 
1..8385 (A) 
Annual Adjustment Factor 
= 
1.0000 (B) 
Required Annuity Factor (C = A x B) 
= 
1.8385 (C) 
Annual Annuity Amount 
= 
$ 
(D) 
Value of Donor's Qualified 
Annuity Interest (E = C x D) 
= 
$ 
(E) 
Value of transferred property (F) 
= 
$ 
(F) 
Value of gift (G = F - E) 
= 
$ 
$ 
EFTA01188818

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188819.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Tue, 04 Jun 2013 14:44:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_LJPG; photo_2.JPG 
Working for ralph Lauren swimsuits 
Regards, 
EFTA01188819
--- PAGE 2 ---
Anastasiya 
EFTA01188820
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188821

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188822.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: bellaklein 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 04 Jun 2013 16:47:46 +0000 
Attachments: JE_assistans_expenses_2012-2013_060413.xlsx 
Jeffrey, 
As per your request attached please find break down of expenses forM, 
, Karyna, 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On May 25, 2013, at 3:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
pleae brek out. all expense costs for., 
karyna. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
and 
EFTA01188822

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Fwd: Fw: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
Date: Mon, 10 Jun 2013 17:46:24 +0000 
Attachments: IRS_NewTaxRuling2008.pdf 
These are the wiring instructions for the 5 million from the foundatoin. for IPI 
Forwarded message 
From: Terje Rod-Larsen < 
Date: Mon, Jun 10, 2013 at 7:39 PM 
Subject: Fw: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
To: "Jeevacation@gmail.com" <Jeevacation@gmail.com>
From: David Witt 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Mon Jun 10 13:34:59 2013 
Subject: FW: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
Re-sending... 
David Witt 
Director, Finance & Administration 
International Peace Institute 
777 United Nations Plaza, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
Tel: 
(direct) 
Fax: 
www.ipharg 
From: David Witt 
Sent: Monday, June 10, 2013 9:30 AM 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Cc: Camilla Reksten-Monsen; Andrea Pfanzelter 
EFTA01188823
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
Importance: High 
Dear Terje: 
As requested: 
Bank name: 
JPMorgan Chase 
Bank address: 
United Nations Plaza, Branch 292 
New York, NY 10017 
USA 
ABA: 
SWIFT: 
Account name: 
Account number: 
Best, 
David 
International Peace Institute 
David Witt 
Director, Finance & Administration 
International Peace Institute 
777 United Nations Plaza, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
Tel: 
(direct) 
Fax: 
www i inst org 
EFTA01188824
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188825

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188826.pdf
----------------------------------------
cli IRS 
Oparment of the Treasury 
imtermal R 
Service 
P.O. Box 2508, Room 4010 
Cincinnati OH 45201 
03856 
INTERNATIONAL PEACE INSTITUTE INC 
777 UNITED NATIONS PLAZA 
NEW YORK 
NY 10017-3521992 
In reply refer to: 4077563594 
Oct. 17, 2008 LTR 4168C 
03-0213226 
000000 00 000 
00025538 
BODC: TE 
Employer Identification Number: 03-0213226 
Person to Contact: Ro er Meyer 
Toll Free Telephone Number: 1-
Dear Taxpayer: 
This is in response to your request of Sep. 23, 2008, regarding your 
tax-exempt status. 
Our records indicate that a determination letter was issued in 
May 1956, that recognized you as exempt from Federal income tax, 
and discloses that you are currently exempt under section 501(c)(3) 
of the Internal Revenue Code. 
Our records also indicate you are not a private foundation within the 
meaning of section 509(a) of the Code because you are described in 
section(s) 509(a)(1) and 170(b)(1)(A)(vi). 
Donors may deduct contributions to you as provided in section 170 of 
the Code. Bequests, legacies, devises, transfers, or gifts to you or 
for your use are deductible for Federal estate and gift tax purposes 
if they meet the applicable provisions of sections 2055, 2106, and 
2522 of the Code. 
If you have any questions, please call us at the telephone number 
shown in the heading of this letter. 
Sincerely yours, 
Cindy Westcott 
Manager, E0 Determinations 
EFTA01188826
--- PAGE 2 ---
as IRS 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
03856 
P.O. Box 2508, Roos 4010 
Cincinnati OH 45201 
003056.547977.0020.001 1 AB 0.351 530 
losellIlealll 
I II 
I
IIIS III 
III IIIIIIIIS ill'.
I 
I II 
III
I., I 
INTERNATIONAL PEACE INSTITUTE INC 
777 UNITED NATIONS PLAZA 
NEW YORK NY 10017-3521992 
CUT OUT AND RETURN THE VOUCHER AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE IF YOU ARE MAKING A PAYMENT, 
EVEN IF YOU ALSO HAVE AN INQUIRY. 
he IRS address must appear in the window. 
4077563594 
BODCD-TE 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
P.O. Box 2508, Room 4010 
Cincinnati OH 45201 
ilillilliiielisiii 
11111 1.1 
Use for payments 
Letter Number: 
Letter Date : 
Tax Period : 
MINIM 
*030213226* 
LTR4168C 
2008-10-17 
000000 
INTERNATIONAL PEACE INSTITUTE INC 
777 UNITED NATIONS PLAZA 
NEW YORK NY 10017-3521992 
030213226 XY INTE 00 2 000000 670 00000000000 
EFTA01188827

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188828.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 10 Jun 2013 17:58:01 +0000 
Attachments: 20130607163506820(2).pdf; 20130607163506820(3).pdf 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188828

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188829.pdf
----------------------------------------
DAILY NEWS, L.P. 
PREFERENCE CALCULATION 
AS OF APRIL 30, 2013 
MBZ as Individual 
Initital cash investment (net) 
$1,883,700 
MBZ loans and guarantee payment 
5,701,520 
MBZ loans - 2006 & 2007 
23.050.000 
MBZ loans - BotA (previously Citibank) 
108,717,828 
MBZ loans - 2008 funding 
49,607,907 
MBZ loans - 2009 funding 
88,486,624 
MBZ loans - 2010 funding 
40,550,353 
MBZ loans - 2011 funding 
40,226,326 
MBZ loans - 2012 funding 
23.600.000 
MBZ loans - 2013 funding 
3,500,000 
MBZ loans - Accrued interest 
79,352.655 
Rate of return - MBZ original investment 
4,959,216 
Rate of return - MBZ loan and guarantee payment 
30,057,862 
Loan guarantee fee including interest 
17.127,352 
Total 
Promissory Notes • Issued 2123109 
Assigned portion of ON Note (Citibank cumantly Bank Am.) to cancel the Family Trust Notes 
Note A - assigned to Famiy Trust 
(8,421.964) 
Note B - assigned to 1996 GST Exempt Trust 
(27,991,113) 
Note C - assigned to 1996 GST Non-Exempt Trust 
(29,327,783) 
Subtotal Promissory Notes 
(65,740,860) 
Interest on Promissory Notes (Notes A, B and C) 
(15,717,544) 
435.562,940 
MBZ Trust of 1992 
Cash investment 
$19,560,970 
Rate of return on cash 
76,939.784 
Total 
$96,500,754 
TOTAL 
$ 
$32,063,694 
EFTA01188829

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188830.pdf
----------------------------------------
DAILY NEWS, L.P. 
PREFERENCE CALCULATION 
AS OF APRIL 30, 2013 
MBZ as Individual 
Initital cash investment (net) 
$1,883,700 
MBZ loans and guarantee payment 
5,701,520 
MBZ loans - 2006 & 2007 
23.050.000 
MBZ loans - BotA (previously Citibank) 
108,717,828 
MBZ loans - 2008 funding 
49,607,907 
MBZ loans - 2009 funding 
88,486,624 
MBZ loans - 2010 funding 
40,550,353 
MBZ loans - 2011 funding 
40,226,326 
MBZ loans - 2012 funding 
23.600.000 
MBZ loans - 2013 funding 
3,500,000 
MBZ loans - Accrued interest 
79,352.655 
Rate of return - MBZ original investment 
4,959,216 
Rate of return - MBZ loan and guarantee payment 
30,057,862 
Loan guarantee fee including interest 
17.127,352 
Total 
Promissory Notes • Issued 2123109 
Assigned portion of ON Note (Citibank cumantly Bank Am.) to cancel the Family Trust Notes 
Note A - assigned to Famiy Trust 
(8,421.964) 
Note B - assigned to 1996 GST Exempt Trust 
(27,991,113) 
Note C - assigned to 1996 GST Non-Exempt Trust 
(29,327,783) 
Subtotal Promissory Notes 
(65,740,860) 
Interest on Promissory Notes (Notes A, B and C) 
(15,717,544) 
435.562,940 
MBZ Trust of 1992 
Cash investment 
$19,560,970 
Rate of return on cash 
76,939.784 
Total 
$96,500,754 
TOTAL 
$ 
$32,063,694 
EFTA01188830

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188831.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Terje Rod-Larsen 
To: "IJeevacation@gmail.comm <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
Date: Mon, 10 Jun 2013 19:11:33 +0000 
Importance: high 
Attachments: IRS_NewTaxRuling2008.pdf 
From: Terje Rod-Larsen 
To: leevacation@gmail.com' <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Mon Jun 10 13:39:22 2013 
Subject: Fw: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
From: David Witt 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Mon Jun 10 13:34:59 2013 
Subject: FW: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
Re-sending... 
David Witt 
Director, Finance & Administration 
International Peace Institute 
777 United Nations Plaza, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
Tel: 
direct) 
Fax: 
www.ipinst.org 
www.theglobaIobservatory.com 
From: David Witt 
Sent: Monday, June 10, 2013 9:30 AM 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Cc: Camilla Reksten-Monsen; Andrea Pfanzelter 
Subject: IPI bank instructions and 501c3 certification 
Importance: High 
Dear Terje: 
As requested: 
Bank name: 
Bank address: 
ABA: 
SWIFT: 
Account name: 
Account number: 
JPMorgan Chase 
United Nations Plaza, Branch 292 
New York, NY 10017 
USA 
International Peace Institute 
EFTA01188831
--- PAGE 2 ---
Best, 
David 
David Witt 
Director, Finance & Administration 
International Peace Institute 
777 United Nations Plaza, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10017 
Tel: 
direct) 
Fax: 
www.ipinst.org 
www.theglobalobservatory.com
EFTA01188832

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188833.pdf
----------------------------------------
cli IRS 
Oparment of the Treasury 
imtermal R 
Service 
P.O. Box 2508, Room 4010 
Cincinnati OH 
45201 
03856 
INTERNATIONAL PEACE INSTITUTE INC 
777 UNITED NATIONS PLAZA 
NEW YORK 
NY 10017-3521992 
In reply refer to: 4077563594 
Oct. 17, 2008 LTR 4168C 
03-0213226 
000000 00 000 
00025538 
BODC: TE 
Employer Identification Number: 03-0213226 
Person to Contact: Roger Meyer 
Toll Free Telephone Number: 1-877-829-5500 
Dear Taxpayer: 
This is in response to your request of Sep. 23, 2008, regarding your 
tax-exempt status. 
Our records indicate that a determination letter was issued in 
May 1956, that recognized you as exempt from Federal income tax, 
and discloses that you are currently exempt under section 501(c)(3) 
of the Internal Revenue Code. 
Our records also indicate you are not a private foundation within the 
meaning of section 509(a) of the Code because you are described in 
section(s) 509(a)(1) and 170(b)(1)(A)(vi). 
Donors may deduct contributions to you as provided in section 170 of 
the Code. Bequests, legacies, devises, transfers, or gifts to you or 
for your use are deductible for Federal estate and gift tax purposes 
if they meet the applicable provisions of sections 2055, 2106, and 
2522 of the Code. 
If you have any questions, please call us at the telephone number 
shown in the heading of this letter. 
Sincerely yours, 
Cindy Westcott 
Manager, E0 Determinations 
EFTA01188833
--- PAGE 2 ---
as IRS 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
03856 
P.O. Box 2508, Roos 4010 
Cincinnati OH 45201 
003056.547977.0020.001 1 AB 0.351 530 
losellIlealll 
I II 
I
IIIS III 
III IIIIIIIIS ill'.
I 
I II 
III
I., I 
INTERNATIONAL PEACE INSTITUTE INC 
777 UNITED NATIONS PLAZA 
NEW YORK NY 10017-3521992 
CUT OUT AND RETURN THE VOUCHER AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE IF YOU ARE MAKING A PAYMENT, 
EVEN IF YOU ALSO HAVE AN INQUIRY. 
he IRS address must appear in the window. 
4077563594 
BODCD-TE 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
P.O. Box 2508, Room 4010 
Cincinnati OH 45201 
ilillilliiielisiii 
11111 1.1 
Use for payments 
Letter Number: 
Letter Date : 
Tax Period : 
MINIM 
*030213226* 
LTR4168C 
2008-10-17 
000000 
INTERNATIONAL PEACE INSTITUTE INC 
777 UNITED NATIONS PLAZA 
NEW YORK NY 10017-3521992 
030213226 XY INTE 00 2 000000 670 00000000000 
EFTA01188834

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188835.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
EFTA01188835

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188836.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Steve Tisch <a 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 10 Jun 2013 22:46:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: tumbir mbe5xcplyi 1 rfzfuxo I_1280.jpg 
EFTA01188836
--- PAGE 2 ---
************************************************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA01188837
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188838

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188839.pdf
----------------------------------------
Frookl 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd 
Date: Mon, 10 Jun 2013 22:53:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: image002.jpg; image001.gif 
What should I tell him? Why shouldn't he talk to Bruce? It will look sketchy if I say never mind, you shouldn't 
talk to my lawyer. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Reinhart, Bruce" 
Da • 
• 
• 
To: 
Subjec
Still okay for me to talk to him? Jack indicated that JE had some concerns about it. 
Bruce E. Reinhart 
Member 
McDonald Hopkins 
A business advisory and advocacy law firm° 
Chico o • Cleveland • Columbus • Detroit • Miami • West Palm Beach 
www.mc•ona • op ms.com 
From: Clark SmIt 
Sent: Monday, June 
, 
To: Reinhart, Bruce 
Subject: 
Bruce: 
Flagler Center Tower 
505 South Flagler Drive 
Suite 300 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
I understand both 
-nd Jack Goldberger have contacted you and advised you of my investigation and 
need to talk to you a ou your nowledge of and representation of= 
in the Epstein matters. I would very much like 
to call you at a mutually convenient time on Tuesday afternoon, if possible. Can you please advise when would be the 
best time in your schedule for us to confer tomorrow between noon and 6 pm? Thank you very much for your 
cooperation. 
Clark 
D. Clark Smith, Jr. 
Smith Moore Leatherwood LLP 
300 North Greene Street 
Suite 1400 
Saps LEAITH MOORE 
ifie 
H ERWOOD 
EFTA01188839
--- PAGE 2 ---
Greensboro, NC 27401 
This message is directed to and is for the use of the above-noted addressee only, and its contents may be legally privileged or 
confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any distribution. 
dissemination, or copy of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please delete it 
immediately and notify the sender. This message is not intended to be an electronic signature nor to constitute an agreement 
of any kind under applicable law unless otherwise expressly indicated hereon. 
IRS CIRCULAR 230 NOTICE: To ensure compliance with the requirements of IRS Circular 230, we inform you that any 
U.S. tax advice contained in this communication or attachment hereto is not intended or written to be used and cannot be 
used for the purpose of avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or for promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in this communication or attachment 
IRS CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice 
contained in this communication (including any attachments), was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, 
by any taxpayer for the purpose of (1) avoiding any penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (2) promoting, marketing 
or recommending to another party any transaction matter addressed herein. 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS TRANSMISSION ISATTORNEY PRIVILEGED AND/OR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION INTENDED FOR THE USE 
OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY NAMED ABOVE. IF THE READER OF THIS MESSAGE IS NOT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED 
THAT ANY DISSEMINATION. DISTRIBUTION OR COPYING OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS 
TRANSMISSION IN ERROR. PLEASE IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY ME BY TELEPHONE AND PERMANENTLY DELETE THE ORIGINAL AND ANY COPY OF THIS 
EMAIL AND DESTROY ANY PRINTOUT THEREOF. 
EFTA01188840

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188841.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 00:27:19 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: IMG_0458.JPG; IMG_0459.JPG; IMG_0460.1PG 
..so today we continued drawing the rocks. 
i think looks pretty good.., what do you think? 
once we'll have all the rocks drawn then we can paint the rocks.. 
maybe is better to draw all the building first and then start painting. painting it would be easier because we 
dont have to do measurements and taping.. 
i built the arch like in mamluk architecture stile...with two arches.. 
if you find some design for the inside door please send it to me so i can reproduce. we saw a nice design for the 
top door inside arch when you were here but i cant find it.. 
thank you, 
ion 
EFTA01188841

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188842.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188842

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188843.pdf
----------------------------------------
I I 
I 
EJ=E1
liMEI1E1Q 
UE0 
EFTA01188843

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188844.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188844

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188845.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 09:32:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: Aleppol8jpg 
> wrote: 
On Tue, Jun 11, 2013 at 2:27 AM, ion nicola < 
..so today we continued drawing the rocks. 
i think looks pretty good.., what do you think? 
once we'll have all the rocks drawn then we can paint the rocks.. 
maybe is better to draw all the building first and then start painting. 
dont have to do measurements and taping.. 
i built the arch like in mamluk architecture stile...with two arches.. 
if you find some design for the inside door please send it to me so i 
the top door inside arch when you were here but i cant find it.. 
thank you, 
ion 
painting it would be easier because we 
can reproduce. we saw a nice design for 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01188845
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188846

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188847.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188847

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188848.pdf
----------------------------------------
UtiCl oVV 
T Of W@M 
EFTA01188848

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188849.pdf
----------------------------------------
$1;300.00 
St. Thomas 
Thomigackatito 
EFTA01188849

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188850.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188850

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188851.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 13:43:06 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: IMG_0461.JPG 
Inline-Images: Aleppol8.jpg 
yes, i was thinking to paint the blocks of rock getting horizontal lines like in the picture attached. 
if you zoom the picture you've sent me there are blocks of rock in different tones of brown-grey and the light 
horizontal lines tones of cream.. 
i left a little space in the between blocks. in the picture you sent me(bellow) the space between blocks is very 
small. should i do the space between blocks smaller like in the picture you sent me? 
i did the arch with smaller blocks because i saw in some mamluk architecture pictures, the arch has smaller 
blocks then the sides of the door. in this picture i attached here i draw the blocks of the arch larger. 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 11:32:45 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01188851
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Tue, Jun 11, 2013 at 2:27 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
..so today we continued drawing the rocks. 
i think looks pretty good.., what do you think? 
once we'll have all the rocks drawn then we can paint the rocks.. 
maybe is better to draw all the building first and then start painting. painting it would be easier because we 
dont have to do measurements and taping.. 
i built the arch like in mamluk architecture stile...with two arches.. 
if you find some design for the inside door please send it to me so i can reproduce. we saw a nice design for 
the top door inside arch when you were here but i cant find it.. 
thank you, 
ion 
*********************** 
************* 
*********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188852

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188853.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188853

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188854.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 14:49:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 4643dbad4222c56ba5a0d0fe0f1ee97b.jpg; IMG_0462.JPG; IMG_0461.JPG 
Inline-Images: Aleppol8.jpg 
i was thinking... if we want to do the design on the floor like in first picture attached, then if we do thik 
horizontal lines on the building..it might be too much (?) .., in the first picture with the design on the floor the 
building doesnt have thick horizontal lines..,has lines only around the door(arch) and on the columns.. 
if we do horizontal lines, should we do like second picture or third picture attached? the difference is in the 
second picture the top horizontal dark line is thick...in the second its a little different. 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 11:32:45 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
' nit
,
nuraig: 
KM?? 
=MEW 
musiaseiss 
> wrote: 
On Tue, Jun 11, 2013 at 2:27 AM, ion nicola 
EFTA01188854
--- PAGE 2 ---
..so today we continued drawing the rocks. 
i think looks pretty good.., what do you think? 
once we'll have all the rocks drawn then we can paint the rocks.. 
maybe is better to draw all the building first and then start painting. painting it would be easier because we 
dont have to do measurements and taping.. 
i built the arch like in mamluk architecture stile...with two arches.. 
if you find some design for the inside door please send it to me so i can reproduce. we saw a nice design for 
the top door inside arch when you were here but i cant find it.. 
thank you, 
ion 
*********************** 
****************** 
****************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188855

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188856.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188856

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188857.pdf
----------------------------------------
fr* 
EFTA01188857

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188858.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188858

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188859.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188859

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188860.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188860

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188861.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188861

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188862.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188862

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188863.pdf
----------------------------------------
East 26th Street, New York, NY 10010 
PROJECT SUMMARY 
Gross Square Feet 
35,280 
Net Sellable Square Feet: Retail Units 
6,700 
Net Sellable Square Feet: Residential Units 
21,441 
Net Sellable Square Feet 
28,141 
LAND BASIS DETERMINATION 
Land/Improvement Basis 
$13,250,000 
Total Land/Improvement Basis 
$13,250,000 
FINANCING COSTS ( re-sale of units) 
Building & Project Loans 
79% 
$25,671,303 
Interest Rate 
13.0% 
SOURCES OF FUNDS • re-sale of units 
Equity A (Lofts21 LLC) 
21.4% 
$7,000,000 
Project Loan Financing 
3.7% 
$1,197,747 
Building Loan Financing 
74.9% 
$24,473,556 
Total Sources of Funds 
100% 
$32,671,303 
SES OF FUNDS (pre-sale of units) 
Cost of Land & Improvements 
$13,250,000 
Hard, Soft, Financing & Interest Costs 
$19,421,303 
Total Project Costs 
$32,671,303 
RESIDUAL VALUATION 
Retail Units Gross Sales 
$7,500,000 
Unit #2-4 Residential Gross Sales 
$29,250,000 
Penthouse Residential Sale (Projected) 
$22,000,000 
Gross Sales 
$58,750,000 
Sales Costs (Commissions, Legal, etc.) 
($3,761,566) 
Net Sales 
$54,988,434 
EFTA01188863
--- PAGE 2 ---
COSTS PAID OUT OF SALES 
Building & Project Loan - Remaining Interest & Exit Fees 
$1,624,931 
Refinancing Costs 
$248,068 
Jr. Loan (Remaining Balance) 
$72,922 
General Contractor: Settlement Payments 
$549,626 
General Contractor: Basement Requisition 
$152,451 
Additional Hard & Soft Costs 
$2,806,090 
Escrow: LULA Lift Elevator 
$73,138 
Total Costs Paid Out of Sales 
$5,527,226 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
Net Sales 
$54,988,434 
Debt 
($25,671,303) 
Costs Paid Out of Unit Sales 
($5,527,226) 
Total Distributable Cash 
$23,789,905 
Return of Equity A & B 
($7,800,000) 
Developer's Fee 
($225,000) 
Net Profit 
$15,764,905 
Profit to Equity A & B - (75%) 
($7,400,000) 
11' Distribution to Advance Star - (25%) 
($2,466,667) 
Subtotal of Distributable Cash 
$5,898,238 
Additional Profit to Equity A ($1.4MM) 
($1,400,000) 
r d Distribution to Advance Star 
($4,498,238) 
Total 
FT REAL ESTATE - CONTRIBUTIONS/DISTRIBUTIONS 
Contribution: Equity A (Lofts21 LLC) 
$220,500 
Contribution: Advance Star 
$700,000 
Total Contribution 
$920,500 
Initial Return of Equity A 
$63,606 
Return of Equity A 
$156,894 
Distribution to Equity A 
$220,500 
Add. Distribution to Equity A ($1.4MM) 
$44,100 
Distribution to Advance Star 
$2.089,471 
Total Distribution 
$2,574,571 
Footnotes:
Equity B Distribution is $800,000 on return of capital up to $400,000 of second distribution. 
Building & Project Loan includes interest reserve. 
Contingency is included in Costs Paid Out of Sales. 
EFTA01188864
--- PAGE 3 ---
East 26th Street - Projected Waterfall 
Initial Distribution 
2/21/14 
Distnbutable Cash 
Return of Equity - (Distribution on 11/1113) 
100% &Investment plus El Distribution 
$ 
2,250,000 
12250.00 
S 
Equity A (Lofts21) 
(2,019,231) 
Equay B 
(230.769! 
Projected Remaining Distributions 
Net Sale of Penthouse 
Additional Sponsor Contingency 8 Construction Reserve 
Remaining Return of Equity 
700% orMvestmenterus a Distnburion 
Sub Total Distnbutable Cain 
Development Fee 
Profit (75i25) 
Additional Profit to Equity A 
Sub Total of Final Distributable Cash 
22.000.000 
(460.097) 
j5.550.000) 
Equity A (Lofts.21) 
(4.980,769) 
15,9650,903 
(225.000) 
(9,866,667) 
Equity B 
(569.231) 
I 
Advance Star Distribution (25%) 
Equity A • B (75%) 
I 
I 
Equity A (Lofts21) 
Equity B 
S 
(4466,667) $ 
(7.000.000) S 
(400,000 
(1.400.000) 
4.498.236 -I 
Advance Star Distnbution 
S 
Note: S Distribution is 5800.000 on return of cepa/ up to $400.000 of second dostnbution 
(4.498,236) 
Totals Distributions 
Total Distributions: Equity A (Lotts21) 
Total Distributions: Equity B 
Total Distributions: Advance Star 
15.400.000 
1.200.000 
6.964.903 
EFTA01188865

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188866.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Roy Hodges
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 18:28:00 +0000 
Attachments: LSJ PUNCH PROJECTS 061113 SH & JR & DW.xlsx; avocado.jpg; avocado_2.jpg; 
bottie_palms_removed.jpgEquipm—ent 
Five_Palms_2.jpg; 
Five — Palms_3.jpg; Flagpole.jpg; fuel— truck offload.jpg; fuel_ truck offload_2.jpg; 
grapefruit.jpg; grass_on_hillside_l.jpg; grass_on_hillside_2.jpg; mangoes.jpg; 
new_trees_Ljpg; new_trees_2.jpg; new_trees_3.jpg; new_trees_4.jpg; new_trees_5.jpg; 
new_trees_6.jpg; oranges.jpg; service_road_work_Ljpg; service_road_work_2.jpg; 
service_ road work_3.jpg; shade_house.jpg; shade_house_2.jpg; shade_house_3.jpg; 
sugar_apple.jpg; sweet_sop.jpg; waterfall_in_bloom.jpg; melons.jpg; service_road_redo.jpg 
Thanks for your patience! Please find info below and attachments of photos and spreadsheet. 
1. New tree delivery date--Chris is selecting trees on Thursday 6/13. They are scheduled for 
delivery on 6/24. 
2. List of new equipment to purchase: Dump truck with 30 yard capacity and fiberglass body 
(Freightliner, Peterbilt, Kenworth), Backhoe (CAT 416E or John Deere), Small Telehandler 
(Bobcat V623) 
Recommend renting excavator and crane as needed. 
3. Ken's delivery date is currently scheduled for 7/18/13 per JE request. 
4. Boat purchase is good to go on our end. Rich contacting Sportis to finalize parts list and 
place order. Roy arranging engine purchase locally. 
5. Punchlist attached. Project photos and fruit pits attached. 
On Tue, Jun 11, 2013 at 5:49 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation4gmail.com> wrote: 
1. new tree delivery date? 2 list of new equipment to purchase. 3. kens delivery date? 4. boat purchase? 5, 
new punchlist with completeion dates and photos of work being done thanks 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01188866
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
I new tree 
Roy & Stephanie Hodges 
EFTA01188867

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188868.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188868

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188869.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188869

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188870.pdf
----------------------------------------
reof 
/ 
EFTA01188870

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188871.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188871

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188872.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188872

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188873.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188873

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188874.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188874

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188875.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188875

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188876.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188876

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188877.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188877

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188878.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188878

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188879.pdf
----------------------------------------
•
• 
• , 
EFTA01188879

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188880.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188880

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188881.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188881

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188882.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188882

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188883.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188883

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188884.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188884

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188885.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188885

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188886.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188886

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188887.pdf
----------------------------------------
4i••••• 
: 
EFTA01188887

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188888.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188888

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188889.pdf
----------------------------------------
*Pr 
. • _ 
1.14t 
• ,:r -7 
.3r 
-. 
" t If-!••• 
- • 
•r 
„‘„,... 4 
7,• 
• •:.4. 
" 
it 
-• 
•-• 
• 1/ 7 ; 
• 
' 
ft 
• 
s, 
st. 
4,
4•••7::: 
'4 ; e7
341
3". Ap • 
r 
• 
• j 
• .1 
••• 
I S • 
• C 
f 
• 
• 
_geld
.  
Atrr- 
• 
„, 
deibb 
, 
. 
.fhts•Vu Q 
212;:•Wthati 
- 
m 
.."54 
EFTA01188889

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188890.pdf
----------------------------------------
'rEass.
-ir k
ajlior -L14•16._-_-_•441•fr 
' 
er-
allit 
Are 
gar, 
1: 11
, A
l a 
— 
.00 
glinnra
4A
-hr. itet-r-
diskr 
-mie 
- 
• -ore—
Arse 
alis 
"g• 
..•j ellotr -•••• 40. 
r e, "ir ; ate: 
11:es:ort",. • .4r 
• - 
_ 
•-‘ 
:444s 
• - 
• 
' 
•or 
a. 
t er-
• • 
f
t 
a .. • „ 
• 
- 
-
'SS 
- 
se• 
_ 
...1•14• 
le t  ase• 
t.
-"Nee 
-16-74Ar 
. 
-... 
ibinlo•- , 
•24,4111#0 " 
--)40 ,:avel? *soak 
" 
_ , • 
---74settim... 
-4s-kgx$ 
tz . 
• 
• 'kr ... 
< 
• 
• 
• '5 
• • 
• 
EFTA01188890

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188891.pdf
----------------------------------------
3/4
EFTA01188891

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188892.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188892

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188893.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188893

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188894.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188894

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188895.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188895

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188896.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188896

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188897.pdf
----------------------------------------
bJ 
V 1. 
••• • 
•• iinibp2r.,14. 
a
EFTA01188897

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188898.pdf
----------------------------------------
A
p.
EFTA01188898

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188899.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188899

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188900.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 18:28:54 +0000 
Attachments: Sharon_Bilar resume.pdf 
Attached resume for Sharon Bilar. She is the person I started to tell you about when we spoke earlier. She spent 5 1/2 years 
at Debevoise, all in the T&E group. In March of this year, she left and formed her own LLC to work privately. Great 
educational background, very intelligent, extremely nice-very high quality person. When you look at her resume you may 
say she is overqualified but she understands some of the work will be lower level and that Ada will be doing most of the 
planning work. Her husband is a partner at another law finn. She wants to work but wants more flexibility. She is available 
immediately. She is expecting a baby in December (her third). Thought would be to use her on a consulting basis between 
now and December and then if it working, potentially have her come on the payroll after she has her baby. She was being 
paid $175k for 4 days a week (considered 2/3 pay but worked more hours) before she left. 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Black Family Partners. L.P. 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New Y 
phone: 
email: 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01188900

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188901.pdf
----------------------------------------
SHARON R. BILAR 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
SHARON R. BILAR, PLLC, New York, New York 
Principal, Trusts & Estates Attorney, March 2013 - present 
• 
Advise a wide range of clients on tax and non-tax related estate planning matters. 
DEBEVOISE & PLIMPTON LLP, New York, New York 
Associate Attorney, Trusts & Estates, October 2007 — February 2013 
• 
Structure estate plans to maximize estate, gift and generation-skipping transfer tax efficiency. 
• 
raft wills, trust agreements, prenuptial agreements, GRATs, powers of attorney and health 
care directives for high net worth individuals. 
• 
Advise on family business succession matters in connection with family limited partnerships 
and limited liability companies. 
• 
Advise on estate administration matters, including probate, post-mortem estate and income 
tax planning and preparation of Federal and New York estate tax returns. 
• 
Prepare receipts and releases and accountings. 
• 
Research and draft contributions to Stocker & Rikoon on Drawing Wills and Trusts. 
DEBEVOISE & PLIMPTON LLP, New York, New York 
Summer Associate, May — August 2006 
U.S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE, E.D.N.Y., Brooklyn, New York 
Intern, Business and Securities Fraud Division, May — August 2005 
• 
Researched and drafted legal memoranda in connection with corporate corruption case. 
• 
Prepared jury questionnaires, interviewed witnesses and assisted in courtroom proceedings 
HARVARD UNIVERSITY FACULTY OF ARTS AND SCIENCES, Cambridge, Massachusetts 
Teaching Fellow, Core Curriculum and History of Science, September 2002 — June 2004 
• 
Awarded Committee on Undergraduate Education award for excellence in teaching. 
GOLDMAN SACHS & CO., New York, New York 
Financial Analyst, Treasury Department, August 1998 - July 2000 
EDUCATION 
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW 
Advanced Professional Certificate in Estate Planning, expected June 2013. 
COLUMBIA LAW SCHOOL, New York, New York 
J.D. received May 2007. Columbia Journal of European Law. 
HARVARD UNIVERSITY, Cambridge, Massachusetts 
M.A., History of Science, received November 2002. 
BARNARD COLLEGE, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY, New York, New York 
B.A., summa cum laude, Economics, received February 1998. Phi Beta Kappa. 
BAR ADMISSION 
New York State Bar, First Department, Admitted June 2008 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Languages: Fluent in English, German and French. Proficient in Spanish. 
Interests: 
Ballet, skiing, reading. 
Citizenship:United States and Switzerland. 
EFTA01188901

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188902.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Roy Hodges
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 21:19:51 +0000 
Attachments: photo.jpg; photo(1).jpg; photo(2).jpg; photo(3).jpg; photo(4).jpg; photo(5).jpg; photo(6).jpg; 
photo(7).jpg 
I will let Chris and Peter know. More pics attached. The trees are still tied at the top. 
On Tuesday, June 11, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
please take more photos of the trees by the pool. also i think we should consider bracing the trees with wood. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please tak 
Roy & Stephanie Hodges 
EFTA01188902

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188903.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188903

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188904.pdf
----------------------------------------
--"•"".......n....'""•.•+-
Lowm,"'""""•••••••—•••• ••C 
EFTA01188904

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188905.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
F. ..A..
_ 
ae.:. 
t._
___404;Thrisit_t
_ —:-tiaa;;S: -•;;- •, — 
---,--.—
...: — 
'Mt 
"CV* 
ie.: 
• 
EFTA01188905

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188906.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188906

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188907.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188907

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188908.pdf
----------------------------------------
7.r•-t 
EFTA01188908

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188909.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
EFTA01188909

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188910.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188910

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188911.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Roy Hodges
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Jimmys Concrete 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 21:39:14 +0000 
Attachments: 2013-06-10_Little_St._James_Estimate.pdf 
He is getting the tile for $2.00. Our best price was $2.30. 
Forwarded message 
From: Daphne Wallace 
Date: Tuesday, June 11, 2013 
Subject: Fwd: Jimm sConcrete 
To: Roy Hodges 
, Rich Kahn
Forwarded message 
From: Jimmy Fraguela < 
Date: Mon, Jun 10, 2013 at 7:50 PM 
Subj  ct: Jimmvs Concrete 
To: " 
Please see attached. 
Best regards, 
Jimmy Fraguela 
DBA JIMMY'S CONCRETE 
P.O. Box 304616 
St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands 
Cell 
340  777-6019 Office & Fax 
See my 2012 Project:Cannon Cliffs 
Roy & Stephanie Hodges 
EFTA01188911

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188912.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson •te 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: art loan does 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 21:40:12 +0000 
Attachments: img-611171906-0001.pdf 
Original Message 
From: NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM [mailto:NY_730_11_XRX_COPYROOM®apollolp.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 11, 2013 5:19 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 36 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: NY 730 11 XRX COPYROOM 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com/ 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01188912

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188913.pdf
----------------------------------------
December 30, 2002 
Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty 
Between 
BANK: 
and 
GUARANTOR: 
Bank of America, N.A. 
Banking Center. 
101 South Tryon Street, dth Floor 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 
Narrows Holdings LW 
c/o Rubin, Baum, Levin, 
Constant & Friedman 
Rockefeller Plaza 
New York, New York 10112 
Attention: David A. Mandel, Esq. 
BORROWER": Leon D. Black 
1. Guaranty. FOR VALUE RECEIVED, and to induce Bank of 
America, N.A. (the "Bank") to make the loans or advances contemplated by the Note (as 
hereinafter defined), the undersigned ("Guarantor") hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees to the Bank the full and prompt payment when due, whether 
by acceleration or otherwise, and the faithful, prompt and complete compliance by 
Borrower of and with any and all Liabilities (as hereinafter defined) and Obligations (as 
hereinafter defined) of Borrower to the Bank. This Guaranty is intended to provide a 
continuing guarantee of the payment of Liabilities, without limitation as to amounts 
guaranteed hereunder. 
The undertakings and obligations of Guarantor hereunder are independent of the 
Liabilities and Obligations of Borrower and a separate action or actions for payment, 
damages or performance may be brought or prosecuted against Guarantor, regardless of 
whether (i) an action is brought against Borrower or any other guarantor of the 
Obligations or the Liabilities or to realize upon any security for the Liabilities and/or 
Obligations, (ii) Borrower is joined in any such action or actions, or (iii) notice is given 
or demand is made upon Borrower. 
The Bank shall not be required to proceed first against Borrower, or any other person, or 
entity, whether primarily or secondarily liable, or against any collateral held by it, before 
proceeding against Guarantor for payment, and Guarantor shall not be entitled to assert as 
a defense to the enforceability of the Guaranty any defense of Borrower with respect to 
any Liabilities or Obligations. 
2. Paragraph Headings. Governing Law and BindingEffect. Guarantor 
agrees that the paragraph headings in this Guaranty are for convenience only and that 
Doct HY6: 3)0505 _I 
EFTA01188913
--- PAGE 2 ---
they will not limit any of the provisions of this Guaranty. Guarantor further agrees that 
this Guaranty shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and applicable United States federal law. Guarantor further agrees that this 
Guaranty shall be deemed to have been made in the State of New York, may be enforced 
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States courts located within the State 
of New York, and is performable in the State of New York. This Guaranty is binding 
upon Guarantor and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Bank, 
its successors, endorsees or assigns. 
3. Definitions.
A. "Borrower" shall mean the Borrower listed above. 
B. "Guarantor" shall mean the Guarantor listed above. 
C. "Liability" or "Liabilities" shall mean without limitation, all 
liabilities, overdrafts, indebtedness, and obligations of Borrower (and any successor to 
Borrower) to the Bank arising under or related to the Loan Documents, whether direct or 
indirect, absolute or contingent, joint or several, secured or unsecured, due or not due, 
contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, arising by operation of law or 
otherwise, now or hereafter existing, whether created directly, indirectly. or acquired by 
assignment or otherwise, including but not limited to all extensions or renewals thereof, 
and all sums payable under or by virtue thereof, including without limitation, all amounts 
of principal and interest, all expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and cost of 
collection) incurred in the collection thereof or the enforcement of rights thereunder, 
whether arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. 
D. "Loan Documents" shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated the date hereof (the "Note"), from 
Borrower to the Bank in the principal amount of S15,000,000. 
E. "Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in the Note. 
F. All capitalized tents used herein without definition shall have 
the meaning set forth in the Note. 
4. Waiver by Guarantor. Guarantor waives notice of acceptance of this 
Guaranty, notice of any Liabilities or Obligations, presentment, demand for payment, 
protest, notice of dishonor or nonpayment of any Liabilities, notice of intent to accelerate, 
notice of acceleration, and notice of any suit or the taking of other action by the Bank 
against Borrower, Guarantor or any other person, any applicable statute of limitations and 
any other notice to any party liable on any Loan Document (including Guarantor). 
Guarantor also waives the benefits of any provision of law requiring that the Bank 
exhaust any right or remedy, or take any action, against the Borrower, any other 
guarantor or any other person or property prior to or simultaneously with proceeding 
against Guarantor hereunder. 
Deck NY6; 370505_1 
EFTA01188914
--- PAGE 3 ---
The Bank may at any time and from time to time (whether before or after revocation or 
termination of this Guaranty) without notice to Guarantor (except as required by law), 
without incurring responsibility to Guarantor, without impairing, releasing or otherwise 
affecting the obligations of Guarantor, in whole or in part, and without the endorsement 
or execution by Guarantor of any additional consent, waiver or guaranty: (a) change the 
manner, place or terms of payment, or change or extend the time of or renew, or change 
any interest rate or alter any Liability or Obligation or installment thereof, or any security 
therefor, (b) loan additional monies or extend additional credit to Borrower, with or 
without security, thereby creating new Liabilities or Obligations the payment or 
performance of which shall be guaranteed hereunder, and the Guaranty herein made shall 
apply to the Liabilities and Obligations as so changed, extended, surrendered, realized 
upon or otherwise altered; (c) sell, exchange, release, surrender, realize upon or otherwise 
deal with in any manner and in any order any property at any time pledged or mortgaged 
to secure the Liabilities or Obligations and offset against any such or other property; (d) 
exercise or refrain from exercising any rights against Borrower or others (including 
Guarantor or any other guarantor of the Liabilities or Obligations) or act or refrain from 
acting in any other manner; (e) settle or compromise any Liability or Obligation or any 
security therefor and subordinate the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of 
any Liability or Obligation of any other parties primarily or secondarily liable on any of 
the Liabilities or Obligations; (0 release or compromise any liability of Guarantor 
hereunder or any liability or obligation of any other parties primarily or secondarily liable 
on any of the Liabilities or Obligations; or (g) apply any sums from any sources to any 
Liability without regard to any Liabilities remaining unpaid. 
5. Subordination. Guarantor agrees that it will not demand, take or 
receive from Borrower, by set-off or in any other manner, payment of any debt, now and 
at any time or times hereafter owing by Borrower to Guarantor unless and until all the 
Liabilities shall have been fully paid and the Obligations fully performed, and any 
security interest, liens or encumbrances which Guarantor now has and from time to time 
hereafter may have upon any of the assets of Borrower shall be made subordinate, junior 
and inferior and postponed in priority, operation and effect to any security interest of the 
Bank in such assets. 
6. Waivers by the Rank. No delay on the part of the Bank in exercising 
any of its options, powers or rights, and no partial or single exercise thereof, shall 
constitute a waiver thereof. No waiver of any of its rights hereunder, and no modification 
or amendment of this Guaranty, shall be deemed to be made by the Bank unless the same 
shall be in writing, duly signed on behalf of the Bank; and each such waiver, if any, shall 
apply only with respect to the specific instance involved, and shall in no way impair the 
-rights of the Bank or the obligations of Guarantor to the Bank in any other respect at any 
other time. 
7. Partial Invalidity and/or Enforceability of Guaranty. The 
unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of this Guaranty shall not affect the 
enforceability or validity of any other provision herein and the invalidity or 
unenforceability of any provision of any Loan Document as it may apply to any person or 
Did: NW: 770505 
EFTA01188915
--- PAGE 4 ---
C. Binding Agreement. This Guaranty and the other Loan 
Documents executed and delivered by Guarantor and to be executed and delivered by 
Guarantor to the Bank in connection with this Guaranty are or shall be (on the date of 
their execution and thereafter) duly authorized, executed and delivered by Guarantor and 
are and shall be (on the date of their execution and thereafter) enforceable against 
Guarantor in accordance with their terms. 
D. Litigation. There is no litigation or proceeding involving the 
Guarantor pending or, to the knowledge of Guarantor, threatened before any court, 
tribunal or Governmental Authority, which may in any way adversely affect the financial 
condition, operations or prospects of Guarantor, except as disclosed to the Bank in 
writing and acknowledged by the Bank prior to the date of this Guaranty. 
E. No Conflicting Laws or Agreements. There is no law, rule, 
regulation (including, without limitation, Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve 
Board) or order pertaining to Guarantor and no provision of any agreement, mortgage or 
contract binding on Guarantor or affecting its property (including without limitation the 
Operating Agreement of Guarantor), which would conflict with, be breached by, be in 
default or in any way prevent, the execution, delivery or carrying out of the terms of this 
Guaranty and the other Loan Documents. 
F. Ownership of Assets. Guarantor has good and marketable title 
to all its assets, free and clear of liens and encumbrances, except liens granted to the 
Bank. 
G. Taxes. All taxes and assessments due and payable by 
Guarantor have been paid or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
and Guarantor has filed all tax returns which it is required to file. 
H. Accuracy of information. All information furnished by 
Guarantor to the Bank in connection with this Guaranty and the other Loan Documents is 
and will be accurate and complete in all material respects on the date as of which such 
information is delivered to the Bank and is not and will not be incomplete by the 
omission of any material fact necessary to make such information not misleading. 
I. Chief Executive Office. Guarantor's chief executive office is 
located in New York County, New York. 
J. event of Default. No Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing. 
K. Continuation of Representations and Warranties. All 
representations and warranties made under this Guaranty shall be deemed to be made at 
and as of the date hereof and at and as of the date of the making of any Loan. 
11. Affirmative Covenants. Until full payment and performance of all 
Liabilities and Obligations, Guarantor will, unless the Bank consents otherwise in writing 
(and without limiting any requirement contained in any other Loan Document): 
but
 )4Y&. 37030Sj 
EFTA01188916
--- PAGE 5 ---
A. Adverse Conditions or Events. Promptly advise the Bank in 
writing of (i) any condition, event or act which comes to its attention that would or might 
materially adversely affect Guarantor, any of the Art Collateral identified on Exhibit A to 
the Pledge Agreement, dated December 2, 1996, as amended between Guarantor and the 
Bank (the "Pledge Agreement'), or Guarantor's financial condition, prospects or 
operations or the Bank's rights under this Guaranty or the other Loan Documents to 
which Guarantor is a party, (ii) any litigation filed by or against Guarantor and (iii) the 
occurrence of an Event of Default. 
B. Taxes and Other Obligations. Pay all taxes, assessments and 
other obligations as the same become due and payable, except to the extent the same are 
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings in a diligent manner. 
C. Existence and Compliance. Maintain its existence, good 
standing and qualification to do business where required and comply in all material 
respects with all applicable laws, regulations and requirements of any Governmental 
Authority. 
12. Negative Covenantq. Until full payment and performance of all 
Liabilities and Obligations, Guarantor will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Bank (and without limiting any requirement contained in any other Loan Document): 
A. TransfersThsselssrContol. Except as expressly permitted 
under the Loan Documents, sell, lease, assign or otherwise dispose of or transfer any 
assets, or enter into any merger or consolidation, or form or acquire any subsidiary. 
B. Conduct of Business. Engage in any business other than the 
ownership of the Art Collateral identified on Exhibit A to the Pledge Agreement and the 
acquisition and ownership of other fine art. 
13. Notices. All notices, requests, demands or other communications 
which any party is required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision 
of this Guaranty must be in writing delivered, if to Guarantor, to its address for notices 
set forth in Section 8.E of the Pledge Agreement; and if to the Bank, to its address for 
notices set forth above; or to such other address as any party may designate by written 
notice to all of the parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given 
or made as follows:
1. If sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; 
2. If sent by certified mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt 
or five (5) days after receipt in the U.S. Mail, first class postage prepaid; 
3. If telecopied, telegraphed, telexed or cabled, when telecopied 
with telephonic confirmation of the receipt thereof, delivered to the telegraph 
company, confirmed by telex answerback or delivered to the cable company, 
respectively. 
Dori: NY6: 170505 j 
EFTA01188917
--- PAGE 6 ---
14. Guarantor Duties. Guarantor shall upon notice or demand by the 
Bank promptly and with due diligence pay all Liabilities and pa-form and satisfy all 
Obligations for the benefit of the Bank in the event of (a) the occurrence of any default 
hereunder or any Event of Default under any Loan Document; (b) the failure of 
Borrower or Guarantor to perform any of their respective obligations or pay any of their 
respective liabilities or indebtedness to the Bank, or to any affiliate of the Bank, whether 
under any note, guaranty, or any other agreement, now or hereafter existing, as and when 
due (whether upon demand, at maturity or by acceleration and after the expiration of any 
applicable notice or grace period); (c) the failure of Borrower or Guarantor to pay or 
perform any other liabilities, obligations or indebtedness to any other party the principal 
amount of which exceeds $1,000,000 in the aggregate; (d) the commencement of a 
proceeding against any of Borrower or Guarantor for dissolution or liquidation and such 
proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days, the voluntary or involuntary 
termination or dissolution of Borrower or Guarantor or the merger or consolidation of 
Borrower or Guarantor with or into another entity; (e) the insolvency, or the business 
failure of, or the appointment of a custodian, trustee, liquidator or receiver for or of any 
of the property of, or the assignment for the benefit of creditors by, or the filing of a 
petition under bankruptcy, insolvency or debtor's relief law or the fling of a petition for 
any adjustment of indebtedness, composition or extension by or against Borrower or 
Guarantor; (f) any representation or warranty to the Bank in any Loan Document or 
otherwise was untrue or materially misleading when made; (g) the failure of Guarantor or 
Borrower to timely deliver such financial statements, including tax returns and all 
schedules, or other statements of condition or other information, as required by the terms 
of the Loan Documents or as the Bank shall reasonably request from time to time, and 
such failure continues unremedied for a period of ten (10) days; (h) the entry of a 
judgment against Borrower or Guarantor which the Bank, in its sole discretion, deems to 
be of a material nature and either (x) enforcement proceedings shall have been 
commenced upon such judgment or (y) there shall be any period of fifteen (15) 
consecutive days during which such judgment shall remain undischarged or unbonded 
during which the execution of such judgment shall not have been stayed effectively; (i) 
the seizure or forfeiture of any of Borrower's or Guarantor's property, or the issuance 
against any of Borrower or Guarantor of any writ of possession, garnishment or 
attachment, or any turnover order, (j) the determination by the Bank that Guarantor or 
Borrower has suffered a material adverse change in its financial condition; (k) the 
reasonable determination by the Bank that for any reason it has insufficient security 
securing the Obligations and the Liabilities and such deficiency shall remain unremedied 
for a period of ten days after notice thereof has been given by the Bank to the Borrower, 
(1) any lien or additional security interest being placed upon any collateral which is 
security for the Obligations and the Liabilities; or (m) the failure of Borrower's business 
to comply with any law or regulation controlling the operation of Borrower's business. 
15. Remedies. Upon the failure of Guarantor to fulfill its duty to pay all 
Liabilities and perform and satisfy all Obligations as required hereunder, the Bank shall 
have available all of the remedies of a creditor of Guarantor and of a secured party under 
all applicable law, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Bank may, at 
its option and without notice or demand: (a) declare any Liability to be immediately due 
Dock NY& 370505i 
EFTA01188918
--- PAGE 7 ---
and payable, at which point such Liability shall become immediately due and payable; (b) 
take possession of any collateral pledged by Guarantor wherever located, and sell, resell, 
assign, transfer and deliver all or any part of said collateral of Guarantor at any public or 
private sale or otherwise dispose of any or all of the collateral in its then condition, for 
cash or on credit or for future delivery, and in connection therewith the Bank may impose 
reasonable conditions upon any such sale, and the Bank, unless prohibited by law the 
provisions of which cannot be waived, may purchase all or any part of said collateral to 
be sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, rights or redemption and equities 
of Borrower, Guarantor or the other Guarantor whatsoever; Guarantor acknowledges and 
agrees that the sale of any collateral through any nationally recognized broker-dealer, 
investment banker or any other method common in the securities industry shall be 
deemed a commercially reasonable sale under the Uniform Commercial Code or any 
other equivalent statute or federal law, and expressly waives notice thereof except as 
provided herein; and (c) set-off against any or all liabilities of Guarantor all money owed 
by the Bank or any of its agents or affiliates in any capacity to Guarantor whether or not 
due, and also set-off against all other Liabilities of Guarantor to the Bank all money owed 
by the Bank in any capacity to Guarantor, and if exercised by the Bank, the Bank shall be 
deemed to have exercised such right of set-off and to have made a charge against any 
such money immediately upon the occurrence of such default although made or entered 
on the books subsequent thereto. 
16. Attorney Fees. Cost and Expenses. Guarantor shall pay all costs of 
collection and reasonable attorney's fees, including reasonable attorney's fees in 
connection with any suit, mediation or arbitration proceeding, out of court payment 
agreement, trial, appeal, bankruptcy proceedings or otherwise, incurred or paid by the 
Bank in enforcing the payment of any Liability or the enforcement of any Obligation. 
17. Preservation of Property. The Bank shall not be bound to take any 
steps necessary to preserve any rights in any property pledged as collateral to the Bank to 
secure the Liabilities and Obligations against prior parties who may be liable in 
connection therewith, and Guarantor hereby agrees to take any such steps. The Bank, 
nevertheless, at any time may (a) take any action it deems appropriate for the care or 
preservation of such property or of any rights of Borrower and/or Guarantor or the Bank 
therein; (b) demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time due, 
payable or receivable on account of or in exchange for any property pledged as 
collateral, to the Bank to secure the Liabilities and the Obligations; (c) compromise and 
settle with any person liable on such property; or (d) extend the time of payment or 
otherwise change the terms of the Loan Documents as to any party liable on the Loan 
Documents, all without notice to, without incurring responsibility to, and without 
affecting any of the obligations or Liabilities of Guarantor hereunder. 
18. ARBITRATION. ANY CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM 
BETWEEN OR AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO THOSE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
GUARANTY OR ANY RELATED INSTRUMENTS, AGREEMENTS OR 
DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM BASED ON OR MUSING FROM AN 
DOA NYC% 370$05.1 
EFTA01188919
--- PAGE 8 ---
ALLEGED TORT, SHALL BE DETERMINED BY BINDING ARBITRATION IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (OR IF NOT 
APPLICABLE, THE APPLICABLE STATE LAW), THE RULES OF PRACTICE 
AND PROCEDURE FOR THE ARBITRATION OF COMMERCIAL DISPUTES 
OF J.A.M.S./ ENDISPUTE OR ANY SUCCESSOR THEREOF ("J.A.M.S."), AND 
THE "SPECIAL RULES" SET FORTH BELOW. IN THE EVENT OF ANY 
INCONSISTENCY, THE SPECIAL RULES SHALL CONTROL. JUDGMENT 
UPON ANY ARBITRATION AWARD MAY BE ENTERED IN ANY COURT 
HAVING JURISDICTION. ANY PARTY TO THIS GUARANTY MAY BRING 
AN ACTION, INCLUDING A SUMMARY OR EXPEDITED PROCEEDING, TO 
COMPEL ARBITRATION OF ANY CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM TO WHICH 
THIS GUARANTY APPLIES IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER 
SUCH ACTION. 
A. SPECIAL RULES THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE 
CONDUCTED IN THE COUNTY OF ANY BORROWER'S DOMICILE AT 
TIME OF THE EXECUTION OF THIS GUARANTY AND ADMINISTERED BY 
J.A.M.S. WHO WILL APPOINT AN ARBITRATOR; IF J.A.M.S. IS UNABLE OR 
LEGALLY PRECLUDED FROM ADMINISTERING THE ARBITRATION, 
THEN THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION WILL SERVE. ALL 
ARBITRATION HEARINGS WILL BE COMMENCED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF 
THE DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION; FURTHER, THE ARBITRATOR SHALL 
ONLY, UPON A SHOWING OF CAUSE, BE PERMITTED TO EXTEND THE 
COMMENCEMENT OF SUCH HEARING FOR UP TO AN ADDITIONAL 60 
DAYS. 
B. RESERVATION O1 RIGHTS. NOTHING IN THIS 
ARBITRATION PROVISION SHALL BE DEEMED TO (I) LIMIT THE 
APPLICABILITY OF ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE STATUTES OF 
LIMITATION OR REPOSE AND ANY WAIVERS CONTAINED IN TINS 
GUARANTY OR (II) BE A WAIVER BY THE BANK OF THE PROTECTION 
AFFORDED TO IT BY 12 U.S.C. § 91 OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY 
EQUIVALENT STATE LAW; OR (III) LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE BANK 
HERETO (A) TO EXERCISE SELF HELP REMEDIES SUCH AS (BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO) SETOFF, OR (B) TO FORECLOSE AGAINST ANY REAL OR 
PERSONAL PROPERTY COLLATERAL, OR (C) TO OBTAIN FROM A 
COURT PROVISIONAL OR ANCILLARY REMEDIES SUCH AS (BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO) INJUNCTIVE RELIEF, WRIT OF POSSESSION OR THE 
APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER. THE BANK MAY EXERCISE SUCH SELF 
HELP RIGHTS, FORECLOSE UPON SUCH PROPERTY, OR OBTAIN SUCH 
PROVISIONAL OR ANCILLARY REMEDIES BEFORE, DURING OR AFTER 
THE PENDENCY OF ANY ARBITRATION PROCEEDING BROUGHT 
PURSUANT TO THIS GUARANTY. NEITHER THIS EXERCISE OF SELF 
HELP REMEDIES NOR THE INSTITUTION OR MAINTENANCE OF AN 
ACTION FOR FORECLOSURE OR PROVISIONAL OR ANCILLARY 
REMEDIES SHALL CONSTITUTE A WAIVER OF THE RIGHTS OF ANY 
PARTY, INCLUDING THE CLAIMANT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, TO 
Doct. NY6: 370505_1 
EFTA01188920
--- PAGE 9 ---
ARBITRATE THE MERITS OF THE CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM 
OCCASIONING RESORT TO SUCH REMEDIES. 
19. Controlling Document. To the extent that this Guaranty conflicts with 
or is in any way incompatible with any provision of any other Loan Document, the terms 
of the Note shall govern over any issue addressed therein, and issues not addressed in the 
Note shall be governed by the terms of the Loan Document that most specifically 
addresses such issues. 
20.  Notice of Final Aggranynt.
THIS WRITTEN GUARANTY REPRESENTS THE FINAL 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE 
CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR 
SUBSEQUENTIAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO 
UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Guaranty to 
be executed as of December 30, 2002. 
Guarantor: 
Narrows Holdings LLC 
By:  
a 
a 
Name: 
Title: 
Dock NY6:170SOS_I 
EFTA01188921
--- PAGE 10 ---
Consolidated, Amended and Restated Promissory Note 
Date: June 10, 2003 
Amended and Restated Date: April 2, 2004 
Amended and Restated Date: May 31, 2006 
Amended and Restated Date: June 15, 2006 
Amended and Restated Date: March 9, 2011 
Amended and Restated Date: July 31, 2012 
Between 
Amount: $30,000,000.00 
Amended and Restated Amount: $30,000,000.00 
Amended and Restated Amount: $50,000,000.00 
Amended and Restated Amount: $100,000,000.00 
Amended and Restated Amount: $125,000,000.00 
Amended and Restated Amount: $250,000,000.00 
Bank 
Bank of America, N.A. 
Banking Center: 
101 South Tryon Street, 6th Floor 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 
Borrower: 
Leon D. Black 
760 Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10021 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Leon D. Black (the "Borrower"), 
unconditionally promises to pay to the order of Bank, its successors and assigns, without 
setoff, at its offices indicated at the beginning of this Note, or at such other place as may be 
designated by Bank, the principal amount of Two Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 
($250,000,000.00), or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Loans (as 
defined in the Loan Agreement hereinafter referred to) made by Bank to Borrower pursuant 
to the Loan Agreement, together with interest computed daily on the outstanding principal 
balance hereunder, at an annual interest rate, and in accordance with the payment schedule, 
indicated below, but in any event no later than the Termination Date. At no time shall Bank 
have any obligation to make a Loan evidenced by this Note that exceeds the Advance Limit 
at such time. Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used herein as defined in 
the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated June 10, 2003 (as the same may be 
hereafter or heretofore amended or restated, the "Loan Agreement"), between Bank, 
Borrower and Debra Black. This Note is one or more Notes executed and delivered by 
Borrower, either individually or with Debra Black, to Bank pursuant to the Loan Agreement 
and constitutes a Loan Document thereunder. 
RATE 
The rate at which interest shall accrue hereunder (the "Rate") shall be equal to the sum of 
(i) the Adjusted LIBOR for the applicable Interest Period plus (ii) the Applicable Margin. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
Doc kNY6:504905.2 
EFTA01188922
--- PAGE 11 ---
of Default, the principal of and interest on each Loan and any other amounts owing 
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
three percent (3%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Note, Bank does not intend to charge and Borrower 
shall not be required to pay any amount of interest or other charges in excess of the 
maximum permitted by the applicable law of the State of New York; or, if any higher rate 
ceiling is lawful, such higher rate ceiling. Any payment in excess of such maximum shall be 
refunded to Borrower or credited against principal, at the option of Bank. 
ACCRUAL METHOD 
Unless otherwise indicated, interest at the Rate set forth above will be calculated based on a 
year of 360 days for the actual number of days for which any principal is outstanding 
hereunder. 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
All payments received hereunder shall be applied first to the payment of any expense or 
charges payable hereunder or under any other Loan Documents, then to interest due and 
payable, with the balance applied to principal, or in such other order as Bank shall determine 
at its option. 
Interest accrued on all amounts outstanding hereunder shall be paid quarterly, with a final 
payment of all unpaid interest on the Termination Date. All unpaid principal on the Loans 
shall be paid on the Termination Date. 
Borrower represents to Bank that the proceeds of the Loans are to be used for business and 
commercial purposes, including without limitation for the purchase of margin stock and/or 
fine art directly or through the Guarantor, and such other purposes as may be approved by 
Bank. Borrower acknowledges having read and understood, and agrees to be bound by, all 
terms and conditions of this Note, including the Additional Terms and Conditions set forth 
below, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
FINAL AGREEMENT 
THIS WRITTEN PROMISSORY NOTE AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS CONSTITUTE 
THE ENTIRE AND FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND 
SUPERSEDE ALL PRIOR WRITTEN AGREEMENTS AND ALL PRIOR, 
CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 
REGARDING ALL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THOSE LOAN DOCUMENTS. 
Borrower: 
Leon D. Black 
Doe ;I:NW:504906.2 
EFTA01188923
--- PAGE 12 ---
of Default, the principal of and interest on each Loan and any other amounts owing 
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
three percent (3%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Note, Bank does not intend to charge and Borrower 
shall not be required to pay any amount of interest or other charges in excess of the 
maximum permitted by the applicable law of the State of New York; or, if any higher rate 
ceiling is lawful, such higher rate ceiling. Any payment in excess of such maximum shall be 
refunded to Borrower or credited against principal, at the option of Bank. 
ACCRUAL METHOD 
Unless otherwise indicated, interest at the Rate set forth above will be calculated based on a 
year of 360 days for the actual number of days for which any principal is outstanding 
hereunder. 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
All payments received hereunder shall be applied first to the payment of any expense or 
charges payable hereunder or under any other Loan Documents, then to interest due and 
payable, with the balance applied to principal, or in such other order as Bank shall determine 
at its option. 
Interest accrued on all amounts outstanding hereunder shall be paid quarterly, with a final 
payment of all unpaid interest on the Termination Date. All unpaid principal on the Loans 
shall be paid on the Termination Date. 
Borrower represents to Bank that the proceeds of the Loans are to be used for business and 
commercial pm-poses, including without limitation for the purchase of margin stock and/or 
fine art directly or through the Guarantor, and such other purposes as may be approved by 
Bank. Borrower acknowledges having read and understood, and agrees to be bound by, all 
terms and conditions of this Note, including the Additional Terms and Conditions set forth 
below, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
FINAL AGREEMENT 
THIS WRITTEN PROMISSORY NOTE AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS CONSTITUTE 
THE ENTIRE AND FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND 
SUPERSEDE ALL PRIOR WRITTEN AGREEMENTS AND ALL PRIOR, 
CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 
REGARDING ALL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THOSE LOAN DOCUMENTS. 
Borrower: 
Doc g:NY6:504906.2 
EFTA01188924
--- PAGE 13 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. 
Waivers, Consents and Covenants. Borrower, any endorser, or guarantor hereof 
(including, without limitation, the Guarantor) or any other party hereto (individually an 
"Obligor" and collectively "Obligors") and each of them jointly and severally: (a) waive 
presentment, demand, protest, notice of demand, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of 
acceleration of maturity, notice of protest, notice of nonpayment, notice of dishonor, and any 
other notice required to be given under law to any Obligor in connection with the delivery, 
acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of any Note, any endorsement or guaranty 
of any Note, any other documents executed in connection with any Note, or any other note or 
other loan documents now or hereafter executed in connection with any obligation of 
Borrower to Bank (including, without limitation, under any Loan Documents); (b) consent to 
all delays, extensions, renewals or other modifications of each Note or the Loan Documents, 
or waivers of any term hereof or of the Loan Documents, or release or discharge by Bank of 
any of Obligors or release, substitution or exchange of any security for the payment hereof, 
or the failure to act on the part of Bank, or any indulgence shown by Bank from time to time 
and in one or more instances (without notice to or further assent from any of Obligors) and 
agree that no such action, failure to act or failure to exercise any right or remedy by Bank 
shall in any way affect or impair the obligations of any Obligor or be construed as a waiver 
by Bank of, or otherwise affect, any of Bank's rights under any Note, under any endorsement 
or guaranty of any Note or under any of the Loan Documents; and (c) agree to pay, on 
demand, all costs and expenses of collection of each Note or of any endorsement or guaranty 
hereof and/or the enforcement of Bank's rights with respect to, or the administration, 
supervision, preservation, protection of, or realization upon, any property securing payment 
hereof, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, including fees related to any 
suit, mediation or arbitration proceeding, out of court payment agreement, trial, appeal, 
bankruptcy proceeding or other proceeding. 
2. 
Prepayments. Subject to the provisions of the Loan Agreement, prepayments of any 
amounts outstanding hereunder may be made, in whole or in part, at any time. 
3. 
Delinquency Charges. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Bank may impose a 
delinquency charge on any payment hereunder that is past due for more than fifteen (15) 
days in an amount not to exceed four percent (4%) of such past due payment. 
4. 
Events of Default. The following events are events of default hereunder (each an 
"Event of Default"): (a) the failure of the Borrower to pay principal as and when due under 
any Note; (b) the failure of any Obligor to perform any other payment obligations as and 
when due under any Note or any Loan Document and such default continues unremedied for 
a period of five (5) days; (c) the failure to perform any other agreement, obligation, liability 
or indebtedness of any Obligor to Bank (whether arising pursuant to any Note or the Loan 
Documents, or otherwise) or to any Affiliate of the Bank as and when such obligation is 
required to be performed (after the expiration of any applicable notice or grace period); (d) 
the failure to pay or perform as and when due any other obligations, liabilities or 
indebtedness of any Obligor to any other party the principal amount of which exceeds 
$1,000,000 in the aggregate; (e) the death or legal incapacity of Borrower; (1) the 
commencement of a proceeding against any Obligor for dissolution or liquidation and such 
Doc tNY6:5049061 
EFTA01188925
--- PAGE 14 ---
proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days, the voluntary or involuntary termination 
or dissolution of any Obligor or the merger or consolidation of any Obligor with or into 
another entity; (g) the insolvency of, the business failure of, the appointment of a custodian, 
trustee, liquidator or receiver for or for any of the property of, the assignment for the benefit 
of creditors by, or the filing of a petition under bankruptcy, insolvency or debtor's relief law 
or the filing of a petition for any adjustment of indebtedness, composition or extension by or 
against any Obligor; (h) any representation or warranty made to Bank by any Obligor in any 
Note or any Loan Document or otherwise is or was, when made, untrue or materially 
misleading; (i) the failure of any Obligor to timely deliver such financial statements, 
including tax returns, other statements of condition or other information, as Bank shall 
request from time to time, and such failure continues unremedied after a period of ten (10) 
days; (j) the entry of a judgment against any Obligor which Bank, in its sole discretion, 
deems to be of a material nature and either (x) enforcement proceedings shall have been 
commenced upon such judgment or (y) there shall be any period of fifteen (15) consecutive 
days during which such judgment shall remain undischarged or unbonded during which the 
execution of such judgment shall not have been stayed effectively; (k) the seizure or 
forfeiture of, or the issuance of any writ of possession, garnishment or attachment, or any 
turnover order for any property of any Obligor; (1) the reasonable determination by Bank 
that, for any reason (other than as set forth in Section II.E. of the Loan Agreement), it has 
insufficient security backing the Loans and such deficiency shall remain unremedied for a 
period of ten (10) days after notice thereof has been given by the Bank to the Borrower; or 
(m) the determination by Bank that a material adverse change has occurred in the financial 
condition of any Obligor. 
5. 
Remedies upon Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Bank may, by 
notice to Borrower, declare this Note, all interest hereon and all other amounts payable under 
each Note or any Loan Document to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon each Note, all 
such interest and all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without 
presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly 
waived by Borrower; and any obligation of Bank to permit further borrowing under each 
Note shall immediately cease and terminate. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, upon 
the occurrence of an Event of Default arising under Section 4(g) above as a result of the 
commencement of a proceeding under the United States Federal Bankruptcy Code with 
respect to any Obligor, each Note and all interest and all other amounts owing to Bank under 
the Loan Documents shall automatically become and be due and payable, without 
presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived 
by Borrower. The provisions hereunder for a Default Rate shall not be deemed to extend the 
time for any payment hereunder or to constitute a "grace period" giving the Obligors a right 
to cure any default. At Bank's option, if permitted by applicable law, any accrued and 
unpaid interest, fees or charges may, for purposes of computing and accruing interest on a 
daily basis after the due date of each Note or any installment thereof, be deemed to be a part 
of the principal balance, and interest shall accrue on a daily compounded basis after such 
date at the rate provided in each Note until the entire outstanding balance of principal and 
interest is paid in full. Bank is hereby authorized at any time to set off and charge against 
any deposit accounts of any Obligor, as well as any money, instruments, securities, 
documents, chattel paper, credits, claims, demands, income and any other property, rights 
and interests of any Obligor which at any time shall come into the possession or custody or 
Doc 11-.NY6304905.2 
EFTA01188926
--- PAGE 15 ---
under the control of Bank or any of its agents, affiliates or correspondents, without notice or 
demand, any and all obligations due hereunder. Additionally, Bank shall have all rights and 
remedies available under each of the Loan Documents, as well as all rights and remedies 
available at law or in equity. The recourse of the Bank against the Borrower for the 
Obligations shall not include any of the Borrower's right, title or interest in his residences, 
items of jewelry or furniture or loans to trusts of which any of the Borrower's children are 
beneficiaries. 
6. 
Non-waiver. Bank's failure, at any time, to exercise any of its options or any other 
rights hereunder or under any other Note shall not constitute a waiver thereof, nor shall it be 
a bar to the exercise of any of its options or rights at a later date. All rights and remedies of 
Bank shall be cumulative and may be pursued singly, successively or together, at the option 
of Bank. The acceptance by Bank of any partial payment shall not constitute a waiver of any 
default or of any of Bank's rights under any Note. No waiver of any of its rights hereunder, 
and no modification or amendment of any Note, shall be deemed to be made by Bank unless 
the same shall be in writing, duly signed on behalf of Bank; and each such waiver shall apply 
only with respect to the specific instance involved, and shall in no way impair the rights of 
Bank or the obligations of Obligor to Bank in any other respect at any other time. 
7. 
Applicable Law, Venue and Jurisdiction. This Note and the rights and obligations of 
Borrower and Bank shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York. In any litigation in connection with or to enforce any Note or any 
endorsement of any Note or any Loan Document, Obligors, and each of them, irrevocably 
consent to and confer personal jurisdiction on the courts of the State of New York or the 
United States located within the State of New York and expressly waive any objections as to 
venue in any such courts. Nothing contained herein shall, however, prevent Bank from 
bringing any action or exercising any rights within any other state or jurisdiction or from 
obtaining personal jurisdiction by any other means available under applicable law. 
8. 
Partial Invalidity. The unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of any Note 
shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision herein or therein and the 
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of any Note or of the Loan Documents to any 
person or circumstance shall not affect the enforceability or validity of such provision as it 
may apply to other persons or circumstances. 
9. 
Binding Effect. This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, 
Obligors and Bank and their respective successors, assigns, executors, heirs and personal 
representatives, provided, however, that no obligations of Borrower or any Obligor 
hereunder can be assigned without prior written consent of Bank. 
10. 
Controlling Document. To the extent that this Note conflicts with or is in any way 
incompatible with the provisions of any other Loan Document, this Note shall control over 
such other document unless this Note does not address an issue, in which case the terms of 
any Loan Document addressing such issue shall govern. This Note amends and restates the 
Consolidated, Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated June 10, 2003, from the 
Borrower to the Bank in the principal amount of $30,000,000, as thereafter amended and 
Doc LNY6:304906.2 
EFTA01188927
--- PAGE 16 ---
restated, and does not constitute a novation or extinguishment of the debt represented 
thereby. 
Doc g:NY6:504906.2 
EFTA01188928
--- PAGE 17 ---
AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT 
AMENDMENT, dated as of July 31, 2012 (the "Amendment"), to the 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of June 10, 2003, as 
amended (the "Loan Agreement"), between LEON D. BLACK and DEBRA BLACK 
(the "Borrowers"), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (formerly known as 
NATIONSBANK, N.A.) (the "Dank"). 
The parties desire to amend the Loan Agreement. 
Therefore, in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein, the 
Borrowers hereby agree with the Bank as follows: 
1. 
Definitions. All terms used herein which are defined in the Loan 
Agreement and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as defined therein. 
2. 
Amendments.
(a) Section I.O. of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows: 
"O. Commitment. Commitment means the commitment of 
the Bank to make loans to the Borrowers, on the term and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement, in the maximum principal amount of 
$400,000,000." 
(b) 
Section I.DD. of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended 
and restated in its entirety as follows: 
"DD. Termination Date. Termination Date means the 
earlier of (i) May 31, 2014 and (ii) the date on which the Bank terminates 
the Commitment or the Commitment is reduced to zero, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement." 
(c) The first sentence of Section V.A. of the Loan Agreement is 
amended and restated as follows: 
"Maintain a net worth of not less than $800,000,000." 
(d) Section V.E. of the Loan Agreement (relating to a requirement 
to maintain Liquid Assets of a specified amount) is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
3. 
Representations and Warranties. The Borrowers hereby represent 
and warrant to the Bank as follows: 
EFTA01188929
--- PAGE 18 ---
(a) 
The representations and warranties made by the Borrowers 
in the Loan Agreement and in each other Loan Document to which each Borrower is a 
party delivered to the Bank on or prior to the date hereof are true and correct on and as of 
the date hereof as though made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent such 
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date). 
(b) 
The Borrowers have all requisite power and authority to 
execute, deliver and perform this Amendment and to perform the Loan Agreement, as 
amended hereby. 
(c) 
The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers 
of this Amendment, and the performance by the Borrowers of the Loan Agreement, as 
amended hereby, (i) do not and will not contravene any law or any contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the Borrowers or any of their properties, and (ii) do not and will 
not result in or require the creation of any lien, security interest or other charge or 
encumbrance upon or with respect to any of their properties, other than in favor of the 
Bank. 
(d) 
Each of this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as 
amended hereby, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers, 
enforceable against the Borrowers in accordance with its terms. 
4. 
Continued Effectiveness of the Loan Agreement. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided herein, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed 
in all respects except that on and after the date hereof (i) all references in the Loan 
Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereto", "hereof", "hereunder" or words of like import 
referring to the Loan Agreement shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended by this 
Amendment, and (ii) all references in the other Loan Documents to the "Loan 
Agreement" "thereto", "thereof', "thereunder" or words of like import referring to the 
Loan Agreement, shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 
5. 
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same agreement. 
6. 
Headings. Section headings herein are included for convenience of 
reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
7. 
Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
8. 
Amendment as Loan Document. The Borrowers hereby 
acknowledge and agree that this Amendment constitutes a "Loan Document." 
EFTA01188930
--- PAGE 19 ---
9. 
Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be effective 
upon (i) the execution and delivery by the Borrowers to the Bank of a counterpart of this 
Amendment, (ii) the execution and delivery by the Guarantor to the Bank of a counterpart 
of an amendment to the Pledge Agreement, (iii) the execution and delivery by Leon 
Black to the Bank of a Note in the form attached hereto and (iv) the payment by the 
Borrowers of the fees and expenses of the Bank's counsel in connection with the 
preparation of foregoing documents. 
[Signature page follows] 
EFTA01188931
--- PAGE 20 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
By: 
Title: 
n 744 
Leon 
Debra Black 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
rig Director 
EFTA01188932
--- PAGE 21 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
Leon D. Black 
Debra Black 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: • 
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
By: 
Title: 
A
By: 
N• c Jane 
Heller 
Mana•ing Director 
EFTA01188933
--- PAGE 22 ---
Consolidated, Amended and Restated Promissory Note 
Date: June 10, 2003 
Between 
Amount: $150.000,000.00 
Bank: 
Bank of America, N.A. 
Banking Center: 
101 South Tryon Street, 6th Floor 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 
Borrowers: 
Leon D. Black 
Debra Black 
760 Park Avenue 
New York, New York 10021 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned Borrowers unconditionally promise to pay to the 
order of Bank, its successors and assigns, without setoff, at its offices indicated at the 
beginning of this Note, or at such other place as may be designated by Bank, the principal 
amount of One Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($150,000,000.00). or, if less, the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Loans (as defined in the Loan Agreement hereinafter 
referred to) made by Bank to Borrowers pursuant to the Loan Agreement, together with 
interest computed daily on the outstanding principal balance hereunder, at an annual interest 
rate, and in accordance with the payment schedule, indicated below, but in any event no later 
than the Termination Date. At no time shall Bank have any obligation to make a Loan 
evidenced by this Note that exceeds the Advance Limit at such time. Capitalized terms used 
herein without definition are used herein as defined in the Amended and Restated Loan 
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be hereafter amended or restated. 
the "Loan Agreement"), between Bank and Borrowers. This Note is one or more Notes 
executed and delivered by Borrowers to Bank pursuant to the Loan Agreement and 
constitutes a Loan Document thereunder. 
RATE 
The rate at which interest shall accrue hereunder (the "Rate") shall be equal to the sum of 
(i) the Adjusted LIBOR for the applicable Interest Period aqs (ii) the Applicable Margin. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, the principal of and interest on each Loan and any other amounts owing 
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
three percent (3%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Note, Bank does not intend to charge and Borrowers 
shall not be required to pay any amount of interest or other charges in excess of the 
Doe F.NY6:462(142 
EFTA01188934
--- PAGE 23 ---
maximum permitted by the applicable law of the State of New York; or, if any higher rate 
ceiling is lawful, such higher rate ceiling. Any payment in excess of such maximum shall be 
refunded to Borrowers or credited against principal, at the option of Bank. 
ACCRUAL METHOD 
Unless otherwise indicated, interest at the Rate set forth above will be calculated based on a 
year of 360 days for the actual number of days for which any principal is outstanding 
hereunder. 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
All payments received hereunder shall be applied first to the payment of any expense or 
charges payable hereunder or under any other Loan Documents, then to interest due and 
payable, with the balance applied to principal, or in such other order as Bank shall determine 
at its option. 
Interest accrued on all amounts outstanding hereunder shall be paid quarterly, with a final 
payment of all unpaid interest on the Termination Date. All unpaid principal on the Loans 
shall be paid on the Termination Date. 
Borrowers represent to Bank that the proceeds of the Loans are to be used for business and 
commercial purposes, including without limitation for the purchase of margin stock and/or 
fine art directly or through the Guarantor, and such other purposes as may be approved by 
Bank. Borrowers acknowledge having read and understood, and agrees to be bound by, all 
terms and conditions of this Note, including the Additional Terms and Conditions set forth 
below, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
FINAL AGREEMENT 
THIS WRITTEN PROMISSORY NOTE AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS CONSTITUTE 
THE ENTIRE AND FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND 
SUPERSEDE ALL PRIOR WRITTEN AGREEMENTS AND ALL PRIOR, 
CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 
REGARDING ALL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THOSE LOAN DOCUMENTS. 
Borrowers: 
Leon D. Black 
stirta—
Debra Black 
Dee YMT6:4621741 
EFTA01188935
--- PAGE 24 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. 
Waivers, Consents and Covenants. Borrowers, any endorser, or guarantor hereof 
(including, without limitation, the Guarantor) or any other party hereto (individually an 
"Obligor" and collectively "Obligors") and each of them jointly and severally: (a) waive 
presentment, demand, protest, notice of demand, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of 
acceleration of maturity, notice of protest, notice of nonpayment, notice of dishonor, and any 
other notice required to be given under law to any Obligor in connection with the delivery, 
acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of any Note, any endorsement or guaranty 
of any Note, any other documents executed in connection with any Note, or any other note or 
other loan documents now or hereafter executed in connection with any obligation of 
Borrowers to Bank (including, without limitation, under any Loan Documents); (b) consent 
to all delays, extensions, renewals or other modifications of each Note or the Loan 
Documents, or waivers of any term hereof or of the Loan Documents, or release or discharge 
by Bank of any of Obligors or release, substitution or exchange of any security for the 
payment hereof, or the failure to act on the part of Bunk, or any indulgence shown by Bank 
from time to time and in one or more instances (without notice to or further assent from any 
of Obligors) and agree that no such action, failure to act or failure to exercise any tight or 
remedy by Bank shall in any way affect or impair the obligations of any Obligor or be 
construed as a waiver by Bank of, or otherwise affect, any of Bank's rights under any Note, 
under any endorsement or guaranty of any Note or under any of the Loan Documents; and 
(c) agree to pay, on demand, all costs and expenses of collection of each Note or of any 
endorsement or guaranty hereof and/or the enforcement of Bank's rights with respect to. or 
the administration, supervision, preservation, protection of, or realization upon, any property 
securing payment hereof, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, including 
fees related to any suit, mediation or arbitration proceeding, out of court payment agreement, 
trial, appeal, bankruptcy proceeding or other proceeding. 
2. 
Prepayments. Subject to the provisions of the Loan Agreement, prepayments of any 
amounts outstanding hereunder may be made, in whole or in part, at any time. 
3. Delinquency Charges. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Bank may impose a 
delinquency charge on any payment hereunder that is past due for more than fifteen (15) 
days in an amount not to exceed f v:r percent (4%) of such past due payment. 
4. 
Events of Default. The for, 'wing events are events of default hereunder (each an 
"Event of Default"): (a) the fai bac of the Borrowers to pay principal as and when due under 
any Note; (b) the failure of any r °diger to perform any other payment obligations as and 
when due under any Note or any Loan Document and such default continues unremedied for 
a period of five (5) days; (c) the failure to perform any other agreement, obligation, liability 
or indebtedness of any Obligor in Bank (whether arising pursuant to any Note or the Loan 
Documents, or otherwise) or to any Affiliate of the Bank as and when such obligation is 
required to be performed (after the expiration of any applicable notice or grace period); (d) 
the failure to pay or perform as and when due any other obligations, liabilities or 
indebtedness of any Obligor to a! y. 'other party the principal amount of which exceeds 
$1,000,000 in the aggregate; (e) nr• death or legal incapacity orison D. Black; (f) the 
commencement of a proceedin ••dust any Obligor for dissolution or liquidation and such 
Dst elfflo1/42I142 
EFTA01188936
--- PAGE 25 ---
proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days. the voluntary or involuntary termination 
or dissolution of any Obligor or the merger or consolidation of any Obligor with or into 
another entity; (g) the insolvency et, the business failure of, the appointment of a custodian, 
trustee, liquidator or receiver fo• m for any of tiv: emperty of. the assignment for the benefit 
of creditors by, or the filing of 
.etition under haul • :prey, insolvency or debtor's relief law 
or the filing of a petition for an; adjustment of indebtedness, composition or extension by or 
against any Obligor, (h) any rep: •sentation or warranty made to Bank by any Obligor in any 
Note or any Loan Document or henvise is or was, when made, untrue or materially 
misleading; (i) the failure of any Obligor to timely deliver such financial statements, 
including tax returns, other statements of condition or other information, as Bank shall 
request from time to time, and such failure continues unremedied after a period of ten (10) 
days; (j) the entry of a judgment :•••stist any Obligor which Bank, in its sole discretion, 
deems to be of a material nature . t either (x) enfor •emcm el oceedings shall have been 
commenced upon such judgmta • • • (y) there sh: 
any pc::od of fifteen (15) consecutive 
days during which such judge- ern s' 
remailt •• ' • , hart. 
unbonded during which the 
execution of such judgment shall nut have been 
I aft s rely; (k) the seizure or 
forfeiture of, or the issuance of any writ of poss..: . 
garnishment or attachment, or any 
turnover order for any propert} of any Obligor, (I) G.c reasonable determination by Bank 
that, for any reason (other than as set forth in Set.tien ILE. of the Loan Agreement). it has 
insufficient security backing the Loans and such de: iciency shall remain unremedied for a 
period of ten (10) days after notice thereof has been given by the Bank to the Borrowers; or 
(m) the determination by Bank that a material z•hcrm: chain,. has occurred in the financial 
condition of any Obligor. 
S. 
Remedies upon Default. 
•he met. 
notice to Borrowers, declare a1 is N. • , all int 
under each Note or any Loan I hacut.e. It to 
.•f an ' 
On . 
hilt 
Note, all such interest and all such an: dints sh:e 
une 
without presentment, demand. protest or further 
c of .• -
expressly waived by Borrow';; and any oblig..! t •:: • •I 
under each Note shall itrunedi nely c-ase and t• • :•.: 
N,„: 
sentence, upon the occurrence of an ::vent of l).: 
arisiisr • 
result of the commencement of a pn -ceding e: 
• hc Una. 
Code with respect to any Obligor, c h Note at: I 
-.tem 
Bank under the Loan Documents sl I autontu. 7• .fiscot 
without presentment, demand, pro% 
or 1106• •• 
• 
• kiln' 
waived by Borrowers. The p'..visit 
hereu. 
Dc: 
extend the time for any paym;:it he.. nder or t. 
nut 
Obligors a right to cure any default. .'•t Bank's 
if ; 
accrued and unpaid interest, facs or e:targes :la 
it 
MIX 
interest on a daily basis after the due -:ate of ..3‘ r 
: er . 
to be a part of the principal b. 'ance, . rid Intel 
: • :arca .• 
after such date at the rate provided i! each Nt 
'be t. • - 
principal and interest is paid it: full. funk is 1 
uh.
charge against any deposit account f any OM •• 
securities, documents, chattel paper 
redits, el. 
property, rights and interests or an; 
'diger 
Dee ItiN6.462174.2 
• Wt: 
'Lanai 
lit of Default, Bank may, by 
other amounts payable 
el payable, whereupon each 
forthwith due and payable, 
hind, all of which are hereby 
• permit further borrowing 
ithstanding the foregoing 
it 
Section 4(g) above as a 
States Federal Bankruptcy 
ad all other amounts owing to 
and be due and payable, 
of which are liereby expressly 
Rate shall not 1 c deemed to 
;race period" giving the 
sued by applicable law, any 
of computing and accruing 
antallment theteof, be deemed 
a daily compounded basis 
• outstanding balance of 
•1 at any time to -et off and 
any money, instruments, 
. income and any other 
‘hall come int the pos 'Mon 
EFTA01188937
--- PAGE 26 ---
or custody or under the control of Bank or any o 
without notice or demand, any and all obligatiot• 
have all rights and remedies available under ea 
rights and remedies available at law or in equip 
Borrowers for the Obligations shall not include 
in their residences, items of jewel* or furniture 
Borrowers' children are beneficiari s. 
6. 
Non-waiver. Bank's failure, at any time, 
rights hereunder or under any other Note shall n 
a bar to the exercise of any of its options or righ' 
Bank shall be cumulative and may It pursued si 
of Bank. The acceptance by Bank et any partial 
default or of any of Bank's rights under any No: 
and no modification or amendment of any Note 
the same shall be in writing, duly 8' jned on beb 
only with respect to the specific ins ante involv 
Bank or the obligations of Obligor 
Bank in at 
7. 
Applicable Law, Venue and Jurisdiction 
Borrowers and Bank shall be governed by and it 
State of New York. In any litigation in connecti 
endorsement of any NOW or any Loan Documen 
consent to and confer personal juris•iiction on di 
United States located within the State of New Y 
venue in any such courts. Nothing 7ontained he 
bringing any action or exercising 
y rights wit' 
obtaining personal jurisdiction by a ny other me: 
8. Partial Invalidity. The unenfurceability o 
shall not affect the enforceability or validity of 
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision o 
person or circumstance shall not affect the enfoi 
may apply to other persons or circu•nstances. 
9. 
ARBITRATION. ANY CONTROVERSY C 
PARTIES HERETO INCLUDING BUT NOT LI 
RELATING TO THIS INSTRUME VT, AGREE 
INSTRUMENTS, AGREEMENTS a IR DOCUM 
ON OR ARISING FROM AN ALL) GED TORT 
ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANC::: WITH TH 
NOT APPLICABLE, TIIE APPLICABLE STA.' 
PROCEDURE FOR THE ARBITRATION OF ( 
J.A.M.SJENDISPUTE OR ANY SUCCESSOR1 
"SPECIAL RULES" SKr FORTH BELOW. IN 
THE SPECIAL RULES SHALL CONTROL SI 
AWARD MAY BE ENTERED IN A NY COURT 
TO THIS INSTRUMENT, AGREE' tifisiT OR D 
DccOlY4s162174.2 
•gem 
'Mates or correspondents, 
• her: tr• :r. Additionally, Bank shall 
locuments, as s ell as all 
• 
amen 
of the Bank against the 
the 
ewers' tight, ti• lc or interest 
ors tx 
' ts of which an) of the 
(case t , of its options or any other 
nstitu : 
waiver thereof, nor shall it be 
a later d e. All rights and remedies of 
. suer : 
ely or together. at the option 
• tent .I'. not constitute a waiver of any 
wa 
•f any of its rigl is hereunder, 
' 'se 
• 
d to be made I Bank unless 
I trait 
I each such wn or shall apply 
ntl fit. ' 
no way impait he rights of 
tore: . I at any other (kw. 
is Not 
.1 the rights and obligations of 
rated • t 
cordance with the laws of the 
ith or •• 
nforce any Nor. or any 
ligor: 
t each of them. :revocably 
ns 
ttate of New 5 tile or the 
al c. r • 
ly waive any 4 jectIons as to 
all ' 
ver, prevent I ak from 
of 
•tc or jurisdict a or from 
vaila! 
Kier applicable tw. 
aridity 
other p• 
ny Notc 
ability o 
any provision of any Note 
iun herein or tit. rein and the 
f the Loan Dot ments to any 
'idity of such r 'vision as It 
CLAIM I 
'vEEN OR A' 
" 
^SEM:GSM 
toff. n• 
t ENT OR AN 
4TS, IN. 
I NG ANY CI 
'HALL I 
ETERMINED ' 
fiDERIA 
.EBITRATION 
LAW), 1 • ' RULES OF PI/ 
%emu 
, DISPUTES O I 
qREL)1. 
..61.S."), AND " 
IE EVE 
•r ANY INCO 
GNIEN't 
'N ANY ARID 
'AVING 
;DICTION. A 
CUM' 
BRING AN 
1NG THE 
lUT OF OR 
RELATED 
1V1 BASED 
Y BINDING 
%CT (OR IF 
CTICE AND 
:tit 
.:ISTENCY, 
RATION 
' ,/ PARTY 
CTION, 
EFTA01188938
--- PAGE 27 ---
INCLUDING A SUMMARY OR EXPEDITED r 
ARBITRATION OF ANY CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM TO'
APPLIES IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDIC CION OVEI 
A. SPECIAL RULES. THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE C 
COUNTY OF ANY BORROWER'S DOMICILE AT TIME 0" 
INSTRUMENT, AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT AND ADM 
WILL APPOINT AN ARBITRATOR; IF J.A.M.S. IS UNABLI 
FROM ADMINISTERING THE ARBITRATION, THEN Till 
ASSOCIATION WILL SERVE. ALL ARBITRATION BEAR 
COMMENCED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF THE DEA (AND FOR : 
THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ONLY, UPON A SI !OWING Or 
EXTEND THE COMM NCEMENT OF SUCH JIMMY: F• 
DAYS. 
B. RESERVATION OF 
NOTHING INTRO; AR 
SHALL, BE DEEMED1 ) (1) LIMIrTREAPPLI CABILITY 
APPLICABLE STATU :S OF LIM I CATION OR REPOSE A 
CONTAINED IN THIS (STRUNK' .T, AGREEMENT 'It D 
WAIVER BY THE BAN OF THE I ROTECTION AFFoRDI 
ANY SUBSTANTIALL2 EQUIVALI NT STATE LAW; OR (I 
THE BANK HERETO (.'.) TO EXERCISE SELF IIELP I EM 
LIMITED TO) SETON • OR (B) TO FORECLO: E AGA 'tiisl 
PROPERTY COLLATI t AL, OR (C) TO OBTA NERO: I A • 
ANCILLARY REMEDY i SUCH AS (BUT NOT ' "MITI • rt 
WRIT OFTOSSFSSIOf OR THE APPOINTMEAT OF i• RI 
EXERCISE SUCH SELF HELP RIGHTS, FOREc •LOSUI•E 
OBTAIN SUCH PROVI' 'ONAL OR ANC1LLAR Y REM 
AFTER THE MOAN 
PURSUANT TO THIS I 
EXERCISE OF SELF I I 
OF AN ACTION FOR I 
SHALL CONSTITUTE 
CLAIMANT IN ANY tit 
CONTROVERSY OR 
10. 
Binding Effect. 
Borrowers, Obligors an 
personal representative< 
hereunder can be assign 
11. 
Controlling Don 
incompatible with the pi 
such other document un 
any Loan Document ad' 
dated the date hereof, t.• 
Bank, consolidate, arm' 
March 6, 2003, in the p. 
(ii) the Amended and h 
amount of $150,000,00
Doe ni Y6:421742 
' OF ANY ARBTFRATI )N PR/ CIO 
:TRUMF,NT, AGRE.EN I ENT o D 
,P REMEDIES NOR Ti tE INS III 
RECLOSURE OR PRo 
1/4L I 
WAIVER OF THE RIC IIT OF %NI 
Il ACTION, TO ARBI I RATE IH: 
‘IM OCCASIONING I' :SORT CO 
s Note shall be bindini upon u 
in 
tank and their respectri ace 
I. 
rovided, howeveg, that o ebb; no. 
without prior written e• nsent c B:. 
'nL To the extent that 'ris Noe • C. • 
glens of any other Lo:. • Docu cut 
• this Note des not mit ma an • ••!:: 
sing such issue shall % vern. " 
• :•• 
• principal amount of S 0,000.1 " 
nd restate (i) the Amct led ant Ir• 
pal amount of $15,0(' 100 fn 
: 
led Promissory Note, . .ted Dr 
• 
•rn Leon D. Black tor. Bank. 
.'I 0 COMPEL 
IIICH THIS A ttEEMENT 
UCH ACTION 
• N0UCTED IN HE 
ritEEXECUl NOPTHIS 
Nr:TERED BY 
%ALS. WHO 
Ott LEGALLI 
RECLUDED 
t AIERICAN A I tITRATION 
',:aS WILL BE 
tItITRATION; URTHF2t, 
"A USE, BE PE: MITTED TO 
• P TO ANA' HTIONAL 
I RATION PR' VISION 
NY °THE!' ',SE 
‘lyggryp;
NYWAPI; 
*
IV 
1); BE A 
:01TBY 12 
.C. 91. OR 
IIMITTABT dir OF 
I'S SUCH AS IUT NOT 
Y REAL OR 
• .ItSONAL 
l• 'IT PROVE. 
NAL OR 
' 'JUNCTIV: 
LIEF, 
' 
THE I 
'K MAY 
. SUCH PIO 
:ItTY, OR 
• TORE, DI 
t: OR 
G BROW: 
tENT. NET 
' 
OR MAL 
NICILLAR • 
IT, INCE) 
OTS °Fill 
• I Immix' 
RR THIS 
NANCE 
.MEDIES 
THE 
'the benefi 
execut 
emirs and 
%flowers % 
y Obligor 
t• with or it 
y way 
• Vote shalt 
)lover 
web case 
rms of 
together 
:re Note, 
.con D. BI 
.1 the 
Prornissor: 
to, dated 
'. Black to 
tank and 
2001, in 
EFTA01188939
--- PAGE 28 ---
AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT 
AMENDMENT, dated as of July 31, 2012 (the "Amendment), to the 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of June 10, 2003, as 
amended (the "Joan Agreement"), between LEON D. BLACK and DEBRA BLACK 
(the "Borrowers"), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (formerly known as 
NATIONSBANK, N.A.) (the "Bank"). 
The parties desire to amend the Loan Agreement. 
Therefore, in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein, the 
Borrowers hereby agree with the Bank as follows: 
I. 
Definitions. All terms used herein which are defined in the Loan 
Agreement and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as defined therein. 
2. 
Amendments.
(a) Section I.O. of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows: 
"O. Commitment. Commitment means the commitment of 
the Bank to make loans to the Borrowers, on the term and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement, in the maximum principal amount of 
$400,000,000." 
(b) 
Section I.DD. of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended 
and restated in its entirety as follows: 
"DD. Termination Date. Termination Date means the 
earlier of (i) May 31, 2014 and (ii) the date on which the Bank terminates 
the Commitment or the Commitment is reduced to zero, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement." 
(c) The first sentence of Section V.A. of the Loan Agreement is 
amended and restated as follows: 
"Maintain a net worth of not less than $800,000,000." 
(d) Section V.E. of the Loan Agreement (relating to a requirement 
to maintain Liquid Assets of a specified amount) is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
3. 
jggp
. The Borrowers hereby represent 
and warrant to the Bank as follows: 
EFTA01188940
--- PAGE 29 ---
(a) 
The representations and warranties made by the Borrowers 
in the Loan Agreement and in each other Loan Document to which each Borrower is a 
party delivered to the Bank on or prior to the date hereof are True and correct on and as of 
the date hereof as though made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent such 
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date). 
(b) 
The Borrowers have all requisite power and authority to 
execute, deliver and perform this Amendment and to perform the Loan Agreement, as 
amended hereby. 
(c) 
The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers 
of this Amendment, and the performance by the Borrowers of the Loan Agreement, as 
amended hereby, (i) do not and will not contravene any law or any contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the Borrowers or any of their properties, and (ii) do not and will 
not result in or require the creation of any lien, security interest or other charge or 
encumbrance upon or with respect to any of their properties, other than in favor of the 
Bank. 
(d) 
Each of this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as 
amended hereby, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers, 
enforceable against the Borrowers in accordance with its terms. 
4. 
Continued Effectiveness of the Loan Agreement Except as 
otherwise expressly provided herein, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed 
in all respects except that on and after the date hereof (i) all references in the Loan 
Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereto", "hereof", "hereunder" or words of like import 
referring to the Loan Agreement shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended by this 
Amendment, and (ii) all references in the other Loan Documents to the "Loan 
Agreement" "thereto", "thereof", "thereunder" or words of like import referring to the 
Loan Agreement, shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 
5. 
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same agreement. 
6. 
Headings. Section headings herein are included for convenience of 
reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
7. 
Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
8. 
Amendment as Loan Document. The Borrowers hereby 
acknowledge and agree that this Amendment constitutes a "Loan Document" 
EFTA01188941
--- PAGE 30 ---
9. 
Conditions to Effectiveness. 'This Amendment shall be effective 
upon (i) the execution and delivery by the Borrowers to the Bank of a counterpart of this 
Amendment, (ii) the execution and delivery by the Guarantor to the Bank of a counterpart 
of an amendment to the Pledge Agreement, (iii) the execution and delivery by Leon 
Black to the Bank of a Note in the form attached hereto and (iv) the payment by the 
Borrowers of the fees and expenses of the Bank's counsel in connection with the 
preparation of foregoing documents. 
[Signature page follows] 
EFTA01188942
--- PAGE 31 ---
a 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
Leon "b. Black 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
By: 
Title: 
eller 
g Director ' 
EFTA01188943
--- PAGE 32 ---
Leon D. Black 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
Debra Black 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
By: 
eller 
'fide: Mann trig Director 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: • 
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
By: 
Title: 
EFTA01188944
--- PAGE 33 ---
AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED PLEDGE AGREEMENT 
AMENDMENT, dated as of July 31, 2012 (the "Amendment"), to the 
AMENDED AND RESTATED PLEDGE AGREEMENT, dated June 10, 2003, as 
amended (the "Pledge Agreement"), between NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC , a New 
York limited liability company (the "Pledgor") and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., (the 
The parties desire to amend the Pledge Agreement. 
Therefore, in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein, the 
Pledgor hereby agrees with the Bank as follows: 
1. 
Definitions. All terms used herein which are defined in the 
Pledge Agreement and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as defined therein. 
2. 
Amendments.
(a) For good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is 
hereby acknowledged, Pledgor hereby assigns and grants to the Bank a security interest 
and lien in and to the works of art listed and described in Schedule I hereto, which works 
of art shall hereinafter constitute "Art" and "Collateral" for all purposes of the Pledge 
Agreement. 
(b) The Art listed and described in Schedule II hereto is hereby 
released from the lien and security interest of the Pledge Agreement and shall no longer 
constitute "Art" or "Collateral" for any purposes of the Pledge Agreement. 
(c) Exhibit A to the Pledge Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in the form of Exhibit A hereto. 
3. 
Representations and Warranties. The Pledgor hereby represents 
and warrants to the Bank as follows: 
(a) The representations and warranties made by the Pledgor in the 
Pledge Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof as though made on 
and as of the date hereof (except to the extent such representations and warranties 
expressly related to an earlier date). 
(b) The Pledgor has all requisite power and authority to execute, 
deliver and perform this Amendment and to perform the Pledge Agreement, as amended 
hereby. 
(c) Neither the execution and delivery of this Amendment, nor the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor the fulfillment of, nor the 
EFTA01188945
--- PAGE 34 ---
compliance with, the terms, conditions or provisions hereof, will conflict with, result in a 
breach of, or constitute a default under (i) any relevant statute, law, ordinance, rule or 
regulation applicable to Pledgor or the Collateral or (ii) any indenture, agreement or other 
instrument, or any judgment, order or decree, to which Pledgor is a party or by which any 
of its assets, including , without limitation, the Collateral, may be bound, which conflict, 
breach or default would have a material adverse effect on Pledgor's ability to perform its 
obligations under this Amendment, or the Pledge Agreement, as amended hereby, or the 
rights and remedies of the Bank under this Amendment or the Pledge Agreement, as 
amended hereby. 
(d) Each of this Amendment and the Pledge Agreement, as 
amended hereby, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Pledgor, 
enforceable against the Pledgor in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws and by general principles of equity. 
4. 
Continued Effectiveness of the Pledge Agreement. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided herein, the Pledge Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents to which the Pledgor is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and 
effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects except that on and after the date 
hereof (i) all references in the Pledge Agreement to "this Agreement," "hereto," "hereof," 
"hereunder" or words of like import referring to the Pledge Agreement shall mean the 
Pledge Agreement as amended by this Amendment, and (ii) all references in the other 
Loan Documents to which the Pledgor is a party to the Pledge Agreement, "thereto," 
"thereof," "thereunder" or words of like import referring to the Pledge Agreement shall 
mean the Pledge Agreement as amended by this Amendment 
5. 
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number 
of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed to be an original, but each of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same agreement. 
6. 
Headings. Section headings herein are included for convenience 
of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
7. 
Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
8. 
Amendment as Loan Document. The Pledgor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment constitutes a "Loan Document." 
EFTA01188946
--- PAGE 35 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
By: 
151 
Title: 
BANK OF 
ERICA, N.A. 
By: l‘ 
. Heller 
Ti 
ging Director 
EFTA01188947
--- PAGE 36 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
NARROWS HOLDINGS LLC 
By: d5 
Tide: 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
By: 
Name: Jane . Heller 
Title: M. ging Direc 
EFTA01188948

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188949.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Roy Hodges
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 22:00:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg 
Here are some inline shots. When i estimate the center of the tree, they are all within four inches. 
EFTA01188949
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188950
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188951
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01188952
--- PAGE 5 ---
• 
EFTA01188953
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 11, 2013, at 5:38 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
its important the trees really be in a straight line are the north ones? stright 
On Tue, Jun 11, 2013 at 11:19 PM, Roy Hodges < 
wrote: 
I will let Chris and Peter know. More pics attached. The trees are still tied at the top. 
On Tuesday, June 11, 2013, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
please take more photos of the trees by the pool. also i think we should consider bracing the trees with 
wood. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please tak 
Roy & Stephanie Hodges 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188954

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188955.pdf
----------------------------------------
o 
e 
Safari 
File 
Edit 
View 
History 
Bookmarks 
Window 
Help 
• 
• 
< 
ED 
weather.com 
02. Wed Aug 26 6:35 AM ck 
iiiE 
Gmail 
Google Calendar 
Trip v 
Bank v 
Stocks v 
Social v 
Oil v 
Pot v 
Daily v 
Lotto v 
Estate job v 
Tel v 
misc v 
Qivana 
Resturants v 
Map v 
Movie v 
online clothing v 
Google Translate 
For the next couple of 
environment with so 
both general inhibi 
Erika may face a I 
than did the former H 
factors, plus a potent' 
Caribbean complicate 
Air Force hurricane h 
pressure dropped a t 
pulsed near the cente 
I t 
• 
t t 
Additio 
especially if Erika 
is forecast to spread r 
areas, such as Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands by 
Thursday into Friday. 
TROPICAL STORM ERIKA 
MON Early AM 
—80 mph 
SAT Early AM 
mph 
FRI Early AM 
mph 
5:00 AM EDT 
History 
EFTA01188955

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188956.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 23:09:20 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: IMG_0465.JPG; IMG_0466.JPG; IMG_0464.1PG; IMG_0467.JPG; IMG_0468.JPG 
Inline-Images: Aleppol8.jpg 
so i modified the lines on top of the arch, and i painted with the dark brown you chose the horizontal lines. 
on the left top left side i painted the blocks of the rock. they have a little distance in the between rocks like 1 
inch. 
on the window side of the building i painted some horizontal lines with just a little distance in the between 
lines and rocks too, like 3/8 inch. 
should we do with 1 inch distance between blocks or 3/8 inch? 
then i was thinking to do the white horizontal lines creamy color like in the picture you've sent it(see bellow). 
or do wit that creamy color only the blocks in the corner and around door and leave the white the rest of the 
line? or maybe to the creamy color the entire white line and leave it white only around the door? 
should i do the inside arch the design in the picture below? (the arch is not finished yet, i have to do the 3d..) 
thank you, 
ion 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 11:32:45 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01188956
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01188957

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188958.pdf
----------------------------------------
MSS 
RIM 
Erna 
MIN 
111111n11111114 
EFTA01188958

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188959.pdf
----------------------------------------
► 
imsm=m 
IN=imgm 
• 
*awn= 
•MMEM•III0  • Usuimmini 
EFTA01188959

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188960.pdf
----------------------------------------
0004' t. 
.0.0 _000 
••••• 
.0.0 
O00 
EFTA01188960

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188961.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188961

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188962.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
EFTA01188962

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188963.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Coursera <noreplygcoursera.org> 
To: jeeprojectgyahoo.com 
Subject: Jeffrey epstein, we have recommended courses for you! 
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2013 04:34:38 +0000 
Le]coursera logo 
Dear jeffrey epstein, 
Happy June! This month has been filled with exciting announcements of various 
partnerships. We're confident that these partnerships will bring us closer to our aim of 
connecting people with a great education: 
1. Free in-class textbooks for students: we are partnering with 5 major publishers 
to make this possible. 
2. Yale University, the latest addition to the Coursera family, is offering 4 new 
upcoming courses!
3. Language subtitles for courses: Coursera's new Global Translation Partner 
Program will make translations of select courses into popular languages -
including Russian, Portuguese, Turkish, Arabic and others - available to our 
students. 
Thank you for being part of our Coursera community, 
Andrew, Daphne and the Coursera Team i www.coursera.org/team
Your Upcoming Courses 
Cryptography I 
06/17/2013 (6 weeks) 
Learn about the inner workings of cryptographic primitives and how to apply this 
knowledge in real-world applications! 
Staff Picks 
(read more) 
Bipin is one of our software engineers here at Coursera. 
He loves building new things for Courserians, taking art classes, and boxing. He 
hopes that one day, our machine overlords will rule the world, but in the meantime, 
EFTA01188963
--- PAGE 2 ---
is extremely excited about the Startup Engineering class, which starts on June 17th. 
"I'm an engineer here at Coursera, and I highly recommend Dr. Balaji Srinivasan 
and Professor L/Oy Pande's upcoming Startup 
Engineering course. The course surveys successful 
entrepreneurs for some fascinating insights, and 
teaches you the skills you'll need to build a startup 
from the ground up - from technical implementation 
through recruiting, marketing, and funding. 
It was taught at Stanford University from January to March this year. Some of the 
students from that offering have already raised venture capital and are starting their 
own companies. If startups interest you, you should definitely check this class out!" 
Dr. Srinivasan 
Prof. Pande 
Recommended For You 
;7'4 
Introduction to Public Speaking 
06/24/2013 (10 weeks) 
A report from the National Association of 
Colleges and Employers shows that 
employers want job candidates with strong 
communication skills.... 
(read more) 
Startup Engineering 
06/17/2013 (10 weeks) 
Learn the engineering skills needed to build 
a technology startup from the ground up. 
(read more) 
Nutrition for Health Promotion 
and Disease Prevention 
06/24/2013 (6 weeks) 
This course covers the basics of normal 
nutrition for optimal health outcomes and 
evidence-based diets for a variety of 
diseases. 
;2, 
Computational Molecular 
Evolution 
06/24/2013 (7 weeks) 
In this course you will learn about how and 
why DNA and protein sequences evolve. 
You will learn the theory behind methods for 
building and... 
(read more) 
Computer Networks 
06/24/2013 (12 weeks) 
The Internet is a computer network that 
millions of people use every day. 
Understand the design strategies used to 
solve computer... 
(read more) 
The Camera Never Lies 
06/24/2013 (6 weeks) 
Film, images & historical interpretation in 
the 20th century for those who have a 
general interest in photojournalism, and 
films based on... 
EFTA01188964
--- PAGE 3 ---
(read more) 
(read more) 
A Brief History of Humankind 
07/07/2013 (20 weeks) 
The course surveys the entire length of 
human history, from the evolution of various 
human species in the Stone Age up to the 
political and... 
(read more) 
Coding the Matrix: Linear 
Algebra through Computer 
Science Applications 
07/01/2013 (8 weeks) 
Learn the concepts and methods of linear 
algebra, and how to use them to think about 
computational problems arising in computer 
science. ... 
(read more) 
Cryptography I 
06/17/2013 (6 weeks) 
Learn about the inner workings of 
cryptographic primitives and how to apply 
this knowledge in real-world applications! 
(read more) 
Discrete Optimization 
06/18/2013 (7 weeks) 
Tired of solving Sudokus by hand? This 
class teaches you how to solve complex 
search problems with discrete optimization, 
including... 
News and Updates 
(read more) 
Coursera partners with 10 U.S. state university 
systems. This collaboration "could open online 
classes to 1.25 million students at public 
institutions across the United States." Learn 
more from the New York Times! 
Coursera's partnership with our Global 
Translation Partners will enable us to provide 
translations in Russian, Portuguese, Turkish, 
Japanese, Ukrainian, Kazakh, and Arabic for 
select courses. Read more! 
EFTA01188965
--- PAGE 4 ---
GJ 
Coursera partners with textbook publishers and 
Chegg to offer free textbooks to students in 
courses. Learn more 
Student Spotlight 
GJ 
Meet Daniel. Daniel is 17 and has severe 
autism and a limited spoken vocabulary. With 
Coursera, Daniel has been able to thrive in an 
online learning environment and has finished 6 
courses so far! 
Your Coursera Community 
Starting Soon 
Sustainability of 
Food Systems: A 
Global Life Cycle 
Perspective 
Did you know Coursera's Facebook community 
has over 250,000 students? Keep up with our 
quirky and fun office photos, chat with one 
another about courses, always get the latest 
updates on exciting upcoming courses too! Get 
started! 
Startup 
Engineering 
06/17/2013 
weeks 
Malicious Software Cryptography I 
and its 
Underground 
weeks 
Economy: Two 
06/17/2013 
EFTA01188966
--- PAGE 5 ---
06/14/2013 
weeks 
Discrete 
Optimization 
06/18/2013 
weeks 
Nutrition for Health 
Promotion and 
Disease 
Prevention 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
lir 
Sides to Every 
Story 
06/17/2013 
weeks 
Vaccine Trials: 
Computational 
Methods and Best Molecular 
Practices 
Evolution 
06/24/2013 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
weeks 
Iii 
Networks 
Illustrated: 
Principles without 
Calculus 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
r i 
Computer 
Networks 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
The Social Context The Camera Never Algorithms: 
of Mental Health 
and Illness 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
Lies 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
Design and 
Analysis, Part 1 
07/01/2013 
weeks 
Introduction to 
Public Speaking 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
Software Defined 
Networking 
06/24/2013 
weeks 
V. 
Coding the Matrix: 
Linear Algebra 
through Computer 
Science 
Applications 
07/01/2013 
weeks 
EFTA01188967
--- PAGE 6 ---
;t' 
Epigenetic Control A Brief History of 
of Gene 
Humankind 
Expression 
07/07/2013 
07/01/2013 
weeks 
weeks 
History of Rock, 
Part Two 
07/08/2013 
weeks 
The Science of 
Gastronomy 
07/10/2013 
weeks 
Unsubscribe • Visit support • Please do not reply directly to this email 
EFTA01188968

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188969.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.corn>
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2013 09:55:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: Aleppol8.jpg 
blocks up til horizonatal bottom of arch, then solid, window side 1 inch 
On Wed, Jun 12, 2013 at 1:09 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
so i modified the lines on top of the arch, and i painted with the dark brown you chose the horizontal lines. 
on the left top left side i painted the blocks of the rock. they have a little distance in the between rocks like 1 
inch. 
on the window side of the building i painted some horizontal lines with just a little distance in the between lines 
and rocks too, like 3/8 inch. 
should we do with 1 inch distance between blocks or 3/8 inch? 
then i was thinking to do the white horizontal lines creamy color like in the picture you've sent it(see bellow). 
or do wit that creamy color only the blocks in the corner and around door and leave the white the rest of the 
line? or maybe to the creamy color the entire white line and leave it white only around the door? 
should i do the inside arch the design in the picture below? (the arch is not finished yet, i have to do the 3d..) 
thank you, 
ion 
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 2013 11:32:45 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01188969
--- PAGE 2 ---
***** 
***** 
***** 
***** 
************** 
***** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188970

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188971.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: calculating sizes 
Date: Wed, 05 Jun 2013 01:28:12 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: IMG_0410.JPG; IMG_0415.JPG; IMG_0414.1PG; IMG_0416.JPG 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
..we were pretty close close to golden ratio with the sizes of the rockswe draw... the difference was like half to 
one inch. the longer rock is aprox, 32 inches and the shorter is aprox 19.75 inches.., the golden ratio would be 
19,87 . in the first picture is what we paint sunday and in the second picture i did the measurements.. 
the rock are not finished yet, i have to put a little of the off white we used.. 
i divided the high of the building to draw the rocks. the top and the bottom has the longer rock. 
i draw also some rocks on the door side of the building too(the last picture).., this door maybe we should 
make it rectangular, i dont think we have enough space on top to make the arch.. 
today was rainy and very windy, it was a little difficult to paint.. 
i will send tomorrow other pictures. i'll keep in mind the golden ratio for other measurements..,door, etc 
thank you, 
ion 
Date: Tue, 4 Jun 2013 07:28:25 -0400 
Subject: calculating sizes 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
It 4 
The ratio 
1+43 .16180 
Is the Golden Ratio 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01188971
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188972

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188973.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188973

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188974.pdf
----------------------------------------
t 
EFTA01188974

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188975.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
• 
EFTA01188975

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188976.pdf
----------------------------------------
morcalirL a 
I 
■ 
EFTA01188976

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188977.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: calculating sizes 
Date: Wed, 05 Jun 2013 01:32:22 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg 
try to design finsih of walls in flagpole 
On Tue, Jun 4, 2013 at 9:28 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..we were pretty close close to golden ratio with the sizes of the rockswe draw... the difference was like half 
to one inch. the longer rock is aprox, 32 inches and the shorter is aprox 19.75 inches.., the golden ratio would 
be 19,87 . in the first picture is what we paint sunday and in the second picture i did the measurements.. 
the rock are not finished yet, i have to put a little of the off white we used.. 
i divided the high of the building to draw the rocks. the top and the bottom has the longer rock. 
i draw also some rocks on the door side of the building too(the last picture).., this door maybe we should 
make it rectangular, i dont think we have enough space on top to make the arch.. 
today was rainy and very windy, it was a little difficult to paint.. 
i will send tomorrow other pictures. i'll keep in mind the golden ratio for other measurements..,door, etc 
thank you, 
ion 
Date: Tue, 4 Jun 2013 07:28:25 -0400 
Subject: calculating sizes 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
I 4. 1g 
The ratio 
1+43 -16180 
Is tho Golden Ratio 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01188977
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01188978

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188979.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Paul Morris < 
Subject: Many Thanks [C] 
Date: Fri, 21 Feb 2014 22:20:37 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1); unnamed(2) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Thank you very much for your time today. 
Nice pop back up in USDCAD today (below). Your option went out at --$182k (--$73k unrealized gain). 
Safe travels, enjoy the sunshine, thank you again, and I look forward to the follow up next week! 
All My Best. 
Tazia 
Save As 
ActioB 
'
'§—r
ittralfl 
Table 
Compare 
Nov. 
1V 
SY  Ltax 
Daily • 
D Security/Study 
Tazia Smith 
Director l Key Client Partners - US 
EFTA01188979
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Peaciincter Pimponvi. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01188980

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188981.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin Weinberg"
To: "Rich Kahn" <
Ila> 
Cc: "Jeffery Edwards" <jeevacation®grnail.com>, 
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL 
Date: Wed, 05 Jun 2013 11:40:06 +0000 
Attachments: Invoice_,_6-5-13.doc 
Richard 
The invoice for professional services in May is attached. Thanks 
Marty 
Martin G. Weinberg 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, PC 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
(FAX) 
**************************************************************************** 
This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, 
and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are 
not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
of this message is prohibited. 
********************************** 
********* 
******* 
************** 
********** 
EFTA01188981

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188982.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, P.C. 
ATTORNEY AT LAW 
PARK PLAZA.SU1TE 1000 
EMAIL ADDRESSES: 
805705, MASSACHUSETTS 02116 
FAX 
SIGHT EMERGENCY: 
June 5, 2013 
Jeffrey Epstein 
East 71St St 
New York, NY 
INVOICE FOR LEGAL SERVICES 
For legal work from May 1, 2013 through May 31, 2013 on managing archive 
project, TC with DKI on legal issues, searching archives for subpoenas 
hrs 25 min @ $1000 p/h 
$5,250.00 
Paralegal hours for May 2013 on archive project 74 hrs @ $50 p/h $3,700.00 
Total Fees Owed for May 2013 $8,950.00 
Outstanding Invoice (May 6, 2013 for April 2013 (legal and archive $9,350.00 
Total Fees owed 
Yours Truly 
Martin G Weinberg 
$18,300.00 
EFTA01188982

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188983.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Heating coil inspection 
Date: Wed, 05 Jun 2013 13:41:47 +0000 
Attachments: Est_for_coil_evaluation_6-3-13.xlsx; photo_1.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
Jeffrey 
attached photo's of the #3 heating coil that services the living room gallery/hallway, Main house 
and an estimate to inspect remaining coils from JBH, cost $1214.91 
Estimate includes inspection (one man) and log/report with pictures 
The #3 coil developed a split a couple weeks ago, flooding the number one basement, fortunately minor damage 
to unit occurred 
JBH inspected and it appears at some point the coil has frozen weakening the copper pipe, which after time split. 
The damage was probably sustained when the property lost power for over a week during the winter 2010/2011 
The main living room unit, which is adjacent to #3 also show signs of freeze damage, this coil has been isolated 
please note these coils are under pressure and if one should burst during the night, damage could be substantial 
can we proceed 
Brice Gordon 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 87056 
Ph: 
EFTA01188983

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188984.pdf
----------------------------------------
_i 
aSdAS*k
r;<. 
EFTA01188984

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188985.pdf
----------------------------------------
.x~
EFTA01188985

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188986.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Gregory Brown
To: undisclosed-recipients:; 
Bcc: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Libyan News - President Mohamed Yousef Al-Magarief resigns to honor the law to rid the 
country of former Qaddafi Regime officials and insiders 
Date: Wed, 05 Jun 2013 17:28:01 +0000 
Attachments: Head_of Libya's_top_political_body_resigns_over former role_Al_Arabiya_28_May_20 
13.pdf; 
Libya's_revolutionary_president_resigns_for not_being_revolutionary_enough_Mohamed_ 
Eljarh_FP_May_30,_2013.pdf; Opinion,_My_2_Cents_—_Libya_=?WINDOWS-1252?Q? 
=92s_priorities_for the_next_?=_two_years_Hafed_Al-
Ghwell_Libya_Herald_3_June_2013.pdf; 
Some 300_contracts worth $40 billion_to_be reactivated_Sami_Zaptia_Libya_Herald_5_ 
June 1)13.pdf; LibykGDT)_Th—e_Economist 11_21_12.docx 
Inline-Images: image.png 
Dear Friends.... 
If you haven't already heard my dear friend, Libya's President Mohamed Yousef Al-Magarief 
and parliament chief, resigned from his post last Tuesday following the passing of a law banning 
anyone who held a senior post in Muammar Qaddafi's regime from government. In a televised speech 
to congress, Megaryef announced his resignation - which had been expected - after the passing of the 
"political isolation"law, which critics and diplomats fear could strip government of experienced 
leaders, further complicating the transition to an orderly democracy. "The people's representatives 
have expressed their word -the political isolation law - and it must be respected," Reuters quoted him 
as saying. "And I will be the first ... I place my resignation in your hands." Magarief said that 
"everyone must obey the law out of respect for legality and democracy." 
The Former President was Libya's ambassador to India in the 198cos under the regime of now slain 
dictator Qaddafi before he defected to become a leader of the exiled opposition for three decades. "I 
leave with my head held high and my conscious clear," AFP quoted him as saying. He stressed that he 
EFTA01188986
--- PAGE 2 ---
was the first of Qaddafi-era officials to conform to the law. The General National Congress passed the 
law on May 5 under pressure from gunmen who had surrounded the foreign and justice ministries for 
several days to press the government to sack officials linked to Qaddafi. The President's eyes welled up 
as he spoke before the General National Congress in Tripoli. 
He decried what he described as the empowerment of some lawmakers backed by gunmen and warned 
of the need to eradicate Qaddafi-era schemes, including "revenge, antagonism ... and hatred" that still 
plague Libya, the Associated Press reported. The President received a standing ovation from 
congress members after he ended his speech, which touched on his own exile and opposition to 
Qaddafi and which paid tribute to the former rebel fighters who ousted the dictator. 
A Britain-educated economist, he was born in 1940 in the eastern city of Benghazi, the cradle of the 
uprising that toppled Qaddafi. He spent 31 years in exile, including 20 years as a political refugee in 
the United States. Along with other dissidents, he founded an opposition group that had tried to 
overthrow Qaddafi. During his exile he was hunted by Qaddafi's intelligence services, who had 
launched a campaign in 198o to liquidate his opponents. 
For those of you who would like to know how this affects the stability of democracy in Libya, my 
answer is that it strengthens it. To show that no one in Libya is above the law, President Al-Magaryef, 
who is considered the "Nelson Mandela" of Libya voluntarily resigned, as an example to the many 
other Qaddafi Regime ambassadors, ministers, governors, mayors, department heads, police and 
military officials who are trying to hold on to their positions. As for how it affects some of the things 
that I would like to do in Libya, Dr. Al-Magarief (who is revered both at home in Libya and 
internationally) is now free of politics to work freely with us. So a good thing 
 As such I urge 
everyone to work with former President Magarief in supporting democracy and development in the 
rebuilding of the New Libya, in a similar way that President Clinton has been able to do with the 
Clinton Initiative internationally. 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Cirewny Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Panne'. LLC 
EFTA01188987
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01188988

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188989.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2013 01:47:56 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 113.jpg; 112.jpg; 111.jpg 
..i calculated the door using golden ratio. i have to do the inside door too to have the 3d view. 
in the third picture i colored the dome in blue.. 
tomorrow michael is coming. do you want the dark charcoal design on the floor to be on white or on the 
cement? 
if on white we have to paint white first.., anyway i will send you a sketch before we start the design on the floor. 
EFTA01188989

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188990.pdf
----------------------------------------
t` 
-..,cam,_..==_.
.' `
~ 
EFTA01188990

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188991.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188991

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188992.pdf
----------------------------------------
^
EFTA01188992

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188993.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2013 10:26:31 +0000 
Attachments: 20130605 20153 ljpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01188993

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188994.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188994

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188995.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2013 10:44:36 +0000 
Attachments: 20130605 201345jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01188995

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188996.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01188996

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2013 10:45:46 +0000 
Attachments: 20130605 210853jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01188997

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188998.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIIli
k
s;;:s.  
 r 
A 
EFTA01188998

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01188999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01188999.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 23 Jul 2013 04:41:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.PNG; photo_2.PNG 
Seriously? 
EFTA01188999
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hill AT&T 
. 
12:13 PM 
28% C
-
Messages 
Brock Pierce 
Edit 
In the states? Xoxo) 
Jul 18, 2013, 1:14 PM 
off to Japan next week 
and then NYC July 29th 
and leaving on the 30th. I 
will fly in on the 27th or 
28th if you're around. Miss 
Jul 21, 2013, 10:05 PM 
Unless of course you want 
to come to LA :-) 
Jul 22, 2013, 1 
Apparently you are 
engaged. Do not fly in 
early on my behalf. 
Jul 22, 2013, 12:O 
Not engaged any more.
Large words from a less 
than credible source. 
(
011•1
1M•m-
Sent from my iPhone. 
EFTA01189000
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hill AT&T 4G 
5:17 PM 
12% 
Messages 
Brock Pierce 
Edit 
Not engaged any more. 
Large words from a less 
than credible source. 
Jul 22, 2013, 12:22 PM 
S.:1)c. 
(I'm not engaged. Please 
let me know if you're in 
NYC this weekend and 
would like to see me. If so 
I will come in early as I 
only need to be there 
Monday night and 
Tuesday morning. Xoxo 
7^ "fl13, 3:56 PM 
' If you're in town I'd like 
you to accompany me to 
Russell Simmons Art for 
Life event in the Hamptons 
with me in the 27th. 
iMessage 
Delivered 
Send 
EFTA01189001

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189002.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189002

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189003.pdf
----------------------------------------
raea
.r. 
••••••Cr
= 
a_ 
- 
:•••0 
• 
- 
• 
• 
a r
e :- 
r
at
,diaiisoers
er
_ 
----a--
____5----
„2--;:gra-:1-----_-
-
--sir 
_,_
r.:a
ec
—s-i-----
--t
-
_____ais rear c-
--se-n="7  
-••• 
- 
_ 
- 
-  
__ Figec
a_sgrIer 
- 
- 
- 
--a
" 
EFTA01189003

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189004.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189004

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189005.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189005

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189006.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 23 Jul 2013 18:54:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG 
Not sure the train will be long enough for someone to hold it up...think they would be too close to me and won't 
be able to walk 
EFTA01189006
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189007
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189008
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01189009
--- PAGE 5 ---
.ii 
EFTA01189010

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189011.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 22:56:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189011

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189012.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 22:56:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189012

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189013.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 22 Feb 2014 10:24:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
My massage course was closed for today. Tutor got sick :( I'm going to gym instead 
How r u ? "Islanding" already ? :) 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA01189013

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189014.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 22:56:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189014

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189015.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 22:56:01 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189015

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189016.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: The, 25 Jun 2013 22:55:46 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189016

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189017.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 22:55:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189017

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189018.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 22:55:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189018

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189019.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: The, 25 Jun 2013 22:55:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189019

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189020.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 22:54:41 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhonc 
EFTA01189020

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189021.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189021

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189022.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189022

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189023.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189023

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189024.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189024

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189025.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: MaIMM
MIa
>
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Resume 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 11:04:38 +0000 
Attachments: 
EFTA01189025

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189026.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189026

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189027.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189027

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Photos 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 12:17:42 +0000 
Attachments: Photos.zip 
EFTA01189028

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189029.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189029

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189030.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189030

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189031.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189031

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189032.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189032

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189033.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189033

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189034.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189034

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189035.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01189035

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189036.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 12:50:26 +0000 
Attachments: June_26,_2013 Draft of JEE, STC and MZ Agreement(2).doc 
Mort, 
I am happy to come by today for the coffee that you suggested we have. As I stated yesterday, I have given 
Chris the first set of bad numbers bad numbers contained in the performance report, most troubling is the crut 
amount , listed as an investment asset. Chris said it was a " legacy " number. As I mentioned I believe there is a 
way for my fees to be deductible. reducing the true out of pocket to an amount that does not require pepto bismol 
for you to swallow. 
I am seeing Joel Klein tomorrow , and with you consent would like to raise some of these issues. I think that 
your friends at Goldman can play a role, but only a limited one. they should guide you on the investments ( with 
very strict oversight). the investments are a small portion of the mess. reporting is an even smaller one 
I have included a contract that has two payments the first of 22 million and the second of 8. I am happy to 
explain any details , you can take some comfort that this agreeement is the same approved by paul weiss and alan 
halperin for another client , but i added a provision that returns your fee if i die , as this is really personal to me 
and you. 
I am leaving tomororw and have to decide on taking on either you or another difficult situation. but, I can't do 
both. so if you want to move forward you will have to make a decision today , if not I will return all redacted 
documents to you asap ,as you already know I only wish you well. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Mort, 
EFTA01189036

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189037.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 13:28:02 +0000 
Attachments: Photos.zip 
Dear 
I have admired your work for a very long time, 
Jeffrey tells me you are the most creative person in the fashion business. 
I am fast, ambitious and enthusiastic learner. If you would be so kind as to provide me this opportunity, I can 
assure you two things. One, I will not disappoint you and Two, I will work as hard or hopefully harder than 
anyone else in your employ. 
Kind Regard, 
EFTA01189037

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189038.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189038

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189039.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 13:31:07 +0000 
Attachments: Photos.zip 
forward to 
From: 
Date: 
e , un 
, 
at : 
Subject: 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Dea 
I have admired your work for a very long time, 
Jeffrey tells me you are the most creative person in the fashion business. 
I am fast, ambitious and enthusiastic learner. If you would be so kind as to provide me this opportunity, I can 
assure you two things. One, I will not disappoint you and Two, I will work as hard or hopefully harder than 
anyone else in your employ. 
Kind Regard, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01189039
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189040

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189041.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189041

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189042.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189042

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189043.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffre E stein <jeevacation®gmail.com>, Eileen Alexanderson • 
, Melanie Spinella
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 14:06:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm53e8.png; primeglobal_color blktext_tagline3aa7jpg; 
2012_ipa100(2)1c90.jpg 
Jeffrey, Yes, we have what we need ...we may have some questions as we go through everything — if needed, 
we will reach out to Eileen, Melanie or Lisa Graziano. 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
Email: 
Website: www.rem-co.com 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2013 9:47 PM 
To: Thomas Turrin; Eileen Alexanderson; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: 
torn , do you now have all the airplane documuments? 
******* 
**************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189043
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER CO. LLP 
CERTIFIED PUSU ACCOUNTANTS i ADVISORS 
MET Accounting
!TOP 
R11OO 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential. intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s). you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments). unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing. or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01189044

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189045.pdf
----------------------------------------
...,.'. 
EFTA01189045

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189046.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Thomas Turrin
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 16:06:11 +0000 
Inline-Images: 2012_ipa100(2)1c90.jpg; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline3aa7.jpg; rem-
newlogo_sm53e8.png 
please have your guys propose a meaningful structure 
On Wed, Jun 26, 2013 at 10:06 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, Yes, we have what we need ...we may have some questions as we go through everything — if needed, 
we will reach out to Eileen, Melanie or Lisa Graziano. 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN. CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
Email: 
Website: www.rem-co.com 
EFTA01189046
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtmjemacationegmail.coml
Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2013 9:47 PM 
To: Thomas Turrin; Eileen Alexanderson; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: 
torn , do you now have all the airplane documuments? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAICHCI
ENDE 
MALTS 
o. up 
ORRIm 
INSIDE7gUnt
Ia  
ADNSMS
tng 
517015 
N1OO 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to 
deliver this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely 
for the purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis silicify prohibited and may be punishable by law. II you have 
received this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and 
enclosures, from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including 
any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or lax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be fonvarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA01189047
--- PAGE 3 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189048

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189049.pdf
----------------------------------------
The Zuckerman Fellows Program at Harvard University 
The gift of $5,900,000 from the MBZ Charitable Remainder Trust will support the continuation of 
The Zuckerman Fellows Program at Howard Unkere established in 2004. The gift will be paid in the 
following installations: 
Fiscal Year 
Amount 
2012 
$1,100,000 
2013 
$1,100,000 
2014 
$1,200,000 
2015 
$1,200,000 
2016 
$1,300,000 
MBZ Charitable Remainder Trust by M. Gordon Ehrlich, Trustee 
1:01, 44-.• 4-revyk 
Denise Gorayeb, Recording Secretary 
At) 
Pi7v/k8 
Date 
EFTA01189049
--- PAGE 2 ---
IVIort 
May 16, 2012 
David Ellwood, Dean 
David Gergen, Professor of Public Service 
Kennedy School of Government 
Harvard University 
JFK Street, 
Cambridge, MA 02138 
Re: The Zuckerman Fellows program 
Dear David and Dave: 
I am prepared to increase my annual commitment to the 
Zuckerman Fellows program at the Kennedy School. My idea is to add 
four additional scholarships and to provide you with an additional 
$200,000 a year to make that possible, beginning with the class entering 
September 2012. 
Best regards, V 
EFTA01189050

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189051.pdf
----------------------------------------
nand 
on a 
Non 
jean 
des-
an 
np-
ts). 
sq 
ey 
n" 
rd 
FY 
tr 
aril  
;'t7h 
'island of the week 
Paxos, Greece 5m 
It's not quite Skorpios, the Greek island owned by the shipping billionaire 
Aristotle Onassis that his granddaughter sold last month for a reported £100m, 
but the 10-hectare Kaltsionisi, which lies off the southernmost tip of Paxos, is up 
for sale. The new owners will be able to build their own 380 sq metre villa on the 
densely wooded, pebbly island, which has a small, 17th-century church and can 
be reached via a coastal road or by boat from Gaios. The rest of the island is 
protected forest, but the owners will have it all to themselves. 
Aylesford International; 020 7349 9772, aylesford.com 
EFTA01189051

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189052.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. Behrend Dr Ste.55 MFG 08-0349 
Phoenix. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
FMMIDH 
Agent ID. M9 
INVOICE 
Travel Arrangements for: 
ITO/JOICHI 
Generated: June 26.2013 11:47 AM 
Page 1 of 4 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: ITO/JOICHI 
Total charged to American Express 
1,283.60 
Airline Name: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Ticket Date: 
6/18'2013 
Ticket Base Fare: 
1.224.50 
Ticket Number 
7287044588 
Invoice: 
6640608 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
59.10 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
1.283.60 
CHARGES 
TICKET INFORMATION: ITO/JOICHI 
Total charged to American Express 
919.15 
Airline Name: 
DELTA AIR LINES 
Ticket Date: 
6/26/2013 
Ticket Base Fare: 
882.95 
Ticket Number 
7288805430 
Invoice: 
6670024 
Gov't Taxes/Airline Imposed Fees: 
36.20 
Check Digit: 
Electronic: 
Yes 
Total (USD) Ticket Amount: 
919.15 
Travel Details: 
Wednesday July 3, 2013 
CITIZENS OF JAPAN MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
CITIZENS OF JAPAN- PASSPORT MUST BE VALID FOR 6 MONTHS PAST RETURN DATE. 
THE BAGGAGE FEES/RULES OF AMERICAN AIRLINES/AMERICAN AIRLINES. INC. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING WWW.AEAIRWEB.COM/MYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
THE BAGGAGE FEES/RULES OF AMERICAN AIRLINES/AMERICAN AIRLINES. INC. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING WWW.AEAIRWEB.COWMYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Airline Record Locator 
FMMIDH 
Flight: 
505 
Equipment 
Boeing 757 
Departure: 
5:35 am 
Boston. IM 
Estimated Time: 
HR 0 MIN 
Arrival: 
12:50 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Distance: 
1.693 Mies 
Meal: 
Breakfast 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL B 
Stop City: Miami Internist FL 
Seat 
6E 18 
Class: 
Busness 
Travel Details: 
Sunday July 7, 2013 
THE BAGGAGE FEES/RULES OF DELTA AIR LINES INC/DELTA AIR LINES INC. APPLY TO THIS ITINERARY AND MAY BE ACCESSED BY 
VISITING WWW.AEAIRVVEB.COWMYTRAVELARRANGEMENTS/AIRLINEBAGGAGEPOLICIES.JSP 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
DELTA AIR LINES 
Airline Record Locator 
GG2234 
Flight: 
674 
Equipment: 
Boeing 757 
Departure: 
2:25 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Estimated Time: 
HR 50 MIN 
Arrival: 
6:15 pm 
Atlanta. GA 
Distance: 
1.599 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
Arrival Termnal: 
SOUTH TERMINAL 
Seat 
36F 
Class: 
Coach 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
DELTA AIR LINES 
Airline Record Locator 
GG2234 
Flight: 
1100 
Equipment 
Airbus A320 
EFTA01189052
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 4 
Departure: 
Arrival: 
7:20 pm 
Atlanta. GA 
Estimated Time: 
HR 37 MIN 
9:57 pm 
Boston. MA 
Distance: 
946 Mies 
Meal: 
Dinner 
Departure Terminal: 
SOUTH TERMINAL 
Arrival Terrill-Nal: 
TERMINAL A 
Seat 
2C 
Class: 
First 
LOYALTY PROGRAMS 
Vendor 
Account 
Traveler 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
0X286R0 
ITO/JOICHI 
Additional Information: 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
-------------------
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT 
IN AN INCREASE IN FARE OR ANY AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTY 
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC 
AIRPORT CHECK IN TIMES 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY BE SUBJECT 
TO AN INCREASE IN FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
THE AMOUNT OF GOVERNMENT TAXES/AIRLINE-IMPOSED FEES SET FORTH ON THIS 
INVOICE MAY INCLUDE AIRLINE-IMPOSED FUEL SURCHARGES: CUSTOMERS CAN 
CONTACT THEIR TRAVEL COUNSELOR(S) FOR AN ITEMIZED BREAKDOWN OF THIS 
AMOUNT. 
AGENT REMARKS 
HI LESLEY. PLEASE REVIEW ITINERARY THOROUGHLY 
AND VERIFY THAT TRAVELLERS NAME APPEARS 
EXACTLY AS IT IS ON HIS PASSPORT. IF IT IS 
DIFFERENT PLEASE CALL ME BACK AT 26612 SO THAT 
WE CAN MAKE THE NECESSARY CHANGE. TRIED TO 
CALL YOU BACK TO VERIFY CORRECT NAME. HOWEVER. 
WE DID NOT HAVE A DIRECT TELEPHONE NUMBER 
FOR YOU.... 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay, A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Rilz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort 8 Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
EFTA01189053
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 4 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA01189054
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 of 4 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures or advertisements describig any tour, cruise, accommodations. transportation or other services, and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including, without limitation, all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates, subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the team and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information. please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public interne!, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition. we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment. Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 949774001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
winwicrcinfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel. all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA:
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 702.486.7355 Fax' 702 486 7371, e-mait 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 775.688.1800, Fax: 775.688.1803, e-mail: 
ncad@fyiconsumer.org 
California CST#1022318.10, Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBl#600.469-694, Iowa TA#002, Nevada NV#2001-0126. 
EFTA01189055

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189056.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <1 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: CV's from Barbro's Assistant Candidates 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 18:02:41 +0000 
Attachments: 
CV_2013 June.pdf; 
_CV_2013_,Tune.docx 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: BARBRO EHNBOM 
Subject: Fwd: CV 
Date: June 26. 2013 2:00:36 PM EDT 
To: 
Barbro C. Ehnbom 
Chairman, Swedish-American Life Science Summit 
Office. 
Cell: 
Swede 
360 E. 55 St. NIOG 
New York, N.Y. 10022 
--Original Message--
From: BARBRO EHNBOM
To: leslie.jee 
Sent Wed, Jun 26, 2013 10:13 am 
Subject: Fwd: CV 
HI LESLIE, 
TRY TO PRINT THE DOCX VERSION OF HER CV FOR JEFFREY! 
LET ME KNOW IT WORKS! HER CONTACT INFO BELOW. 
GOOD LUCK! 
BEST, 
EFTA01189056
--- PAGE 2 ---
I 
- 
EFTA01189057

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189058.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jermaine Ruan" < 
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 18:54:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: image003.jpg 
> 
Good day Boss, 
I would like to try the new extreme access points, before I try another brand of wifi access point. It is reported 3x faster 
than the older models. If you are ok with it? We can test it in the kitchen or the gym and if it works we could swap out 
the older models with these. Also, at my last check I did not see any spare apple N's. 
Shop Mac 
tat 
wg Actress". 
Con 
Respectfully submitted, 
JRuan 
O. 9.410 
1-K4a • -00.t 
a 
fennel R......4•40 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comJ 
Sent: Wednesday, June 26, 2013 11:12 AM 
To: Jermaine Ruan; Roy Hodges 
Subject: 
t 
AkPort Extreme 
514900 
r a • 
Fen 1/00001/ 
MS* 
Ow pcia0 Ort• wastary 
mem Argon • Malill•• 
04-. 
OT-..t 
jennain , do you need any apple products or anyting else from new york 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01189058
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189059

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189060.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 19:47:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.jpg; image003jpg 
We will review the structure with a view toward maximizing tax benefit..to the extent feasible. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, June 26, 2013 12:06 PM 
To: Thomas Turrin 
Subject: Re: 
please have your guys propose a meaningful structure 
On Wed, Jun 26, 2013 at 10:06 AM, Thomas Turrin < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, Yes, we have what we need ...we may have some questions as we go through everything — if needed, 
we will reach out to Eileen, Melanie or Lisa Graziano. 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York. New York 10018 
Email: 
Website: www.rem.co.com 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationt
Sent Tuesday, June 25, 2013 9:47 PM 
To: Thomas Turin; Eileen Alexanderson; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: 
tom , do you now have all the airplane documuments? 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA01189060
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CERTIFIED PUSLK ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS 
PrimeGlobal 
w
INSTIDEBnist 
8100 
•FIRMS 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication atolls strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189061

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189062.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BMG  
To: Richard Kahn <I 
Cc: J Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Barnett
Subject: Fwd: JB Henderson 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 20:09:55 +0000 
Attachments: AR_Aging,_6-26-13,_7-17_AM.pdf 
Rich 
It seems JBH have not received payment 
Brice Gordon 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 87056 
Ph: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Dorian Atwater
Date: June 26, 2013, 1:55:18 PM MDT 
To: "Brice Gordon 
Subject: FW: JB Henderson 
Good afternoon Brice, 
I'm sorry to inform you that Henderson Const. is not able to continue to support your effort regarding the Cooling 
Tower work. Per this e-mail below from Richard, we have as of today 6/26/13, not receive any monies as Richard refers 
to. 
Ironically this morning I was reviewing my A/R, which I've attached a copy of Henderson's AIR log dated this morning, at 
7:17 AM, MST. When I reviewed my AIR and seen that we had not received this draft, I had also left a V/M for Richard as 
noted at 7:15 AM, MST, this morning. 
I apologize for the inconvenience that this may cause you, but I've been instructed buy Henderson owners, that we 
cannot continue to support Zorro until we are made whole regarding our A/R. As another stipulation going forward, 
once we are made whole, we need to have a plan in place with some type of guarantee of payments, at a minimum of 
days or less from invoice date. 
I hope you understand and look forward to any questions that you might have regarding this matter. 
Sincerely, 
Dorian 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, June 21, 2013 3:33 PM 
EFTA01189062
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: Dorian Atwater 
Subject: Re: JB Henderson 
please check with your bank as i sent 8,827.25 on 6/13/2013 after we spoke 
my commitment was that you would be paid within 30 days not 1 week - we should discuss 
ok to proceed with cooling tower work 
i keep trying to call you at 
and keep getting busy signal 
can you please provide me with all your contact information 
thank you and have a nice weekend 
ps- i am free to talk anytime to resolve any other outstanding issues monday from 9am - 6pm est 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
On Jun 21, 2013, at 8:52 AM, Dorian Atwater wrote: 
Good morning Richard, 
I wanted to follow up, as it has been several days now since I sent the e-mail below, regarding credit to Zorro and new 
balance remaining for overdue payment. 
Because I've not heard back from you, I'm somewhat unclear what the status is of your review and approval/disapproval 
of information that we have sent you and status if not approved, what issues are still unclear or if OK, status of 
payment? 
As we discussed last week , I believe that your commitment going forward was to pay within a week for any outstanding 
invoices, it there wasn't an issue. Based on the below information regarding credit owed to Zorro, my expectation was 
that because I've not heard back from you, that payment would be forth coming timely. 
If you could help me with status of Henderson's proposed credit and final payment, so we can put this to bed and move 
forward. 
Also Brice has contacted Henderson regarding and scheduling cooling tower work at Zorro, but as we agreed, and listed 
below as one of our conditions to continue to perform work for Zorro, Henderson would need your approval prior to 
moving forward with any new work. At this point I'm having our team pull off moving forward on this project until we 
hear back from you. I've copied Brice on this e-mail, so I'm considering this is Henderson's formal notice that work on 
cooling tower project is at a stop. 
Thank you for your immediate response regarding both payment and approval to work on cooling project... 
Dorian 
From: Dorian Atwater 
Sent: Monday, June 17, 2013 3:16 PM 
To: 'Richard Kahn'; Aaron J. Amiljo 
EFTA01189063
--- PAGE 3 ---
Cc: 'bellaklein Klein'; 'Darren Indyke'; Aaron J. Armijo; Susan Sawyer; Jim Eichhorst; 'Brice Gordon'; John Stroud; 'Zorro 
Ranch'; Jeanette Sanmann 
Subject: RE: JB Henderson 
Good afternoon Richard, 
I think we are down to the bottom of all the outstanding issues, per the attached Invoice and history. 
It seems that there is a little less credit from Invoice # 24102, as it seems that these invoices were for material 
purchased, ( please see Inv. 24102, Inv. Detail, (2 ea. items for a total of $152.76), and the 2 receipts from Home Depot , 
totaling $152.76), and not for gas. We are also furnishing a new JB Henderson Construction , Invoice & Payment History 
for your review also. 
If you agree with this information, the total now due is $9,015.08, which should close out this final A/R. With this said, 
we should be able to move forward with what I have proposed as the new processes below, and implementation of new 
and better communication between Zorro and JB Henderson Const . 
Thank you Richard again for all your help and time in this matter, along with looking forward to a renewed relationship 
between both parties. 
Please get with me if you have any questions, otherwise we look forward to seeing this payment timely. 
Have a great evening. 
Dorian 
From: Dorian Atwater 
Sent: Thursday, June 13, 2013 10:25 AM 
To: 'Richard Kahn'; Aaron J. Armijo 
Cc: bellaklein Klein; Darren Indyke; Aaron J. Armijo; Susan Sawyer; Jim Eichhorst; 'Brice Gordon'; John Stroud; Zorro 
Ranch; Jeanette Sanmann 
Subject: RE: JB Henderson 
Good afternoon Richard, 
First I want to thank you for your time and setting up and discussing areas of improvement needed by JBH for better 
communication lacking in the past with yourself and Zorro. 
I'm going to try and capture what we took down as bullets to help moving forward to improve communication and 
processes. I am responsible 100% for all issues to date, and implementing immediately remedies to make corrections. I 
would look forward for you to get with me in the future, for whatever the reason, if we continue to fail in any of the 
areas listed from our conversation and this e-mail with proposed processes. 
1. I want to apologize for the error, on my part, in charging Zorro for gas expenses along with mark-up and 
sales tax. This item was not in our contract. I'm having our A/R person reviewing your summary of credits to 
confirm, per our internal process, for issuance of a credit. Once confirmed, we'll issue credit based on your 
recap sheet or credits we might question. Again my apologizes for this error! 
2. 
Regarding your inquiry for Cottage Sink charge of $643.67, as we discussed we have usually an average of 2 
hours travel, so this subtracted from this $643.67 is the real cost for this work performed. For this remaining 
cost, for the work performed, our tradesperson was requested by Brice to perform a task, which took less 
than a day to accomplish, so while already on site, we were requested to change out a disposal and I 
believe a faucet on the sink in cottager Sink, as we were already on site, and as we discussed yesterday, we 
need to be very cost effective when we travel 2 hours to perform work and not having to make several trips 
EFTA01189064
--- PAGE 4 ---
with a 2 hour charge for each trip to perform work. So we performed this addition work while was more 
that the original task. 
3. 
Along the same lines regarding item #2, Henderson Const. will be more detailed when invoicing, regarding 
the SOW performed, so there shouldn't be any question as to what work was performed for the amount 
charged. Per your request we will also be including a copy of all invoices to Bella Klien to help in the turn 
around process for payment. 
4. 
Going forward, as discussed and agreed to by yourself and myself, prior to beginning any work in the future, 
the following sequence will be maintained on any project from cradle to grave so to speak; 
a. 
Mr. Gordon will request a site visit to discuss new SOW, which Henderson will go to site review 
SOW with Mr. Gordon. 
b. 
An estimate will be sent to Mr. Gordon, along with yourself, to cover either a Lump Sum or a T&M 
cost NTE estimate for SOW as requested by Mr. Gordon. for review/ approval, negotiation, but work 
is not to be performed without your approval only. 
c. 
Prior to starting any work, as discussed, Mr. Gordon gets a copy of estimate, so he can review and 
approve if this is the case, then forward his approval to you for your review and approval or denial. 
At no time will JBH proceed with any work, without yours and yours only approval. In this estimate 
will be a cost to make a site visit to review with Mr. Gordon SOW that an estimate is requested for. If 
the work is not approved, then a separate invoice will be sent to you for the time to travel and meet 
with Mr. Gordon to review SOW for estimate. 
5. 
We did not work out process for emergency work to be performed if time is a priority, so if you could 
forward your process so we have as a part of our process, approval and start of work, either immediately 
per Brice, or per approval process and by who, with back up of estimate? We did talk about this topic , this 
morning, but I'm not sure I came away with a good understanding of what the process is in case of an 
emergency, if you could clarify? 
6. 
Material mark ups will be 15% for all material, subcontractors, consumables, etc. 
7. 
Per our phone conversation this morning, along with Aaron's e-mail, we are approved to move forward 
with Brice's request to respond this morning, regarding pump issue. Along with your approval of this 
emergency work this morning, this work will also include a sub performing work, we have your approval to 
start work on the Cooling Tower replacement, in about a week or so, which you have our quoted price which 
is a T&M not to exceed. 
8. 
Also per this morning's conversation, we will be forwarding an invoice for work preformed as requested by 
Brice, for June 12th, to furnish a camera to do research on the inside of existing duct, to include rental of 
camera. 
I'm not sure that I have covered all points discussed, but if not please get with me and I'll modify as needed. If I have 
miss stated any points mentioned, please also get with me with your comments so I can better explain, modify, or you 
better understand and do not take issue with. 
Thank you again for our very fruitful conversations and your time in these matters, moving forward with a very much 
improved relationship/communication! 
Have a great day and look forward to your response/s. 
Dorian 
From: Richard Kahn  
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2013 12:23 PM 
To: Dorian Atwater; Aaron J. Armijo 
Cc: bellaklein Klein 
Subject: 38 Henderson 
Attached is summary deducting gasoline expense and markup as we discussed 
Please review and upon your approval I will wire funds immediately (today or tomorrow) 
In addition i have attached Bella Klein on email who handles all of our accounts payable 
EFTA01189065
--- PAGE 5 ---
Her telephone is 
Please send all invoices to an email we share: 
I am glad that we worked thru our issues yesterday and looking forward to moving forward with our new 
understanding. 
Thank you again for your time. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: June 12, 2013 11:38:19 AM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Message from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
This message originates from J.B. Henderson Construction Company, Inc. It contains 
information, which may be confidential or privileged, and is intended only for the individual 
or entity named above. It is prohibited for anyone else to disclose, copy, distribute or use 
the contents of this message. All personal messages express views solely of the sender, 
which are not to be attributed to J.B. Henderson Construction Company, Inc. and may not 
be distributed without this disclaimer. If you received this message in error, please notify 
us immediately at www.jbhenderson.com and destroy the document. Thank you for your 
cooperation. 
This message originates from J.B. Henderson Construction Company, Inc. It contains information, which may 
be confidential or privileged, and is intended only for the individual or entity named above. It is prohibited for 
anyone else to disclose, copy, distribute or use the contents of this message. All personal messages express 
views solely of the sender, which are not to be attributed to J.B. Henderson Construction Company, Inc. and 
may not be distributed without this disclaimer. If you received this message in error, please notify us 
immediately at www.jbhenderson.com and destroy the document. Thank you for your cooperation. 
EFTA01189066

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189067.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Greg Wyler 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2013 20:31:48 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
It's a gol Check out the video... 
We launched yesterday from French Guiana. 
http://youtu.bearTmoMI1R4A 
From: Jeffrey Epstein imalltojeevacation@gmati.com] 
Sent Saturday, May 04, 2013 7:51 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject 
thanks for all your help. how is your project progressing 
EFTA01189067
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jrevaration@grnaasan, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
thanks for 
EFTA01189068

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189069.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein lecvacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler <Ella> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2013 01:23:38 +0000 
lane-Images: image001.jpg 
great 
On Wed, Jun 26, 2013 at 4:31 PM, Greg Wyler c 
wrote: 
It's a gol Check out the video... 
We launched yesterday from French Guiana. 
lutp://youtu.beurTmoMIIR4A 
EFTA01189069
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevaratiomagmakcgm]
Sent: Saturday, May 04, 2013 7:51 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
thanks for all your help. how is your project progressing 
***** ****•*****0************** 
****** 
********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infonnation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmaitcom and 
EFTA01189070
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copics thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
thanks for 
***** *** ***** ***••****** 
***** ***••*****••******••******••** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jtragagictu@gmailsgm, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189071

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189072.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Terje Rod-Larsen a> 
To: "%leevacation@gmail.comm <Jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: 
Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2013 05:37:13 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001.txt; photo.JPG 
Original Message 
From: Lillian Mathisen 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen 
Sent: Wed Jun 26 16:29:36 2013 
EFTA01189072

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189073.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189073

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189074.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 11:47:14 +0000 
Inline-Images: images-18jpg; images-19.jpg 
try an orange coral color 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
> wrote: 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
..intemet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the patems.. 
but is the design ok or still big? i'll try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01189074
--- PAGE 2 ---
***** ****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01189075
--- PAGE 3 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189076

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189077.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 12:13:32 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: orange_floor.jpg 
Inline-Images: images-18.jpg; images-19.jpg 
i picked an orange from an orange coral in google but here on white has a different contrast.. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 07:47:14 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
try an orange coral color 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola 
I> wrote: 
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola < 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
> wrote: 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01189077
--- PAGE 2 ---
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
..internet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the paterns.. 
but is the design ok or still big? 
try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
************** 
**************** 
************** 
*************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189078
--- PAGE 3 ---
*************** 
**************** 
*************** 
************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
** **************** 
******************* 
************ 
********** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************** 
************** 
********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189079

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189080.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189080

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189081.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 12:26:05 +0000 
Inline-Images: images-19jpg; images-18.jpg 
more red 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:13 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
i picked an orange from an orange coral in google but here on white has a different contrast.. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 07:47:14 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
try an orange coral color 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jetios@grrtn
To: 
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
EFTA01189081
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..internet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the patens.. 
but is the design ok or still big? i'll try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@grnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01189082
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA01189083
--- PAGE 4 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189084

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189085.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 12:45:37 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: orange_floorl.jpg 
Inline-Images: images-19.jpg; images-18.jpg 
..on the right side of the door is the old orange, in front of the door a little more red, and on the left side of the 
door more red. 
..should i put even more red? 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 08:26:05 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
more red 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:13 AM, ion nicola 
I> wrote: 
i picked an orange from an orange coral in google but here on white has a different contrast.. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 07:47:14 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
try an orange coral color 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola < 
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
> wrote: 
EFTA01189085
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: 
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola
wrote: 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola <
wrote: 
..internet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the paterns.. 
but is the design ok or still big? i'll try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA01189086
--- PAGE 3 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
***** 
******** 
***************** 
************** 
*************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************** 
******** 
*************** 
************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189087
--- PAGE 4 ---
********** 
******** 
*********************** 
******** 
********** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
******************** 
**************** 
*************** 
******** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189088

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189089.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
EFTA01189089

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189090.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 12:48:30 +0000 
Inline-Images: images-18jpg; images-19.jpg 
little more red 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:45 AM, ion nicola < 
wrote: 
..on the right side of the door is the old orange, in front of the door a little more red, and on the left side of the 
door more red. 
..should i put even more red? 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 08:26:05 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
more red 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:13 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i picked an orange from an orange coral in google but here on white has a different contrast.. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 07:47:14 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
try an orange coral color 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
EFTA01189090
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..internet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the patens.. 
but is the design ok or still big? i'll try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gttn
To: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01189091
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA01189092
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189093

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189094.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 12:51:36 +0000 
Attachments: backgrotmd_color_coral_postcards-
r4235c72e057e49018fecadd0c6faeb08_vgbaq_8byvr 512.jpg 
Inline-Images: images-19.jpg; images-18.jpg 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:45 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
..on the right side of the door is the old orange, in front of the door a little more red, and on the left side of the 
door more red. 
..should i put even more red? 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 08:26:05 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
more red 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:13 AM, ion nicola 
> wrote: 
i picked an orange from an orange coral in google but here on white has a different contrast.. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 07:47:14 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: j
oti@grrSon
To: 
try an orange coral color 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01189094
--- PAGE 2 ---
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..internet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the patens.. 
but is the design ok or still big? i'll try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gntn
To: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA01189095
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeat@gmail.com, and 
EFTA01189096
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189097

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189098.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: The, 25 Jun 2013 12:53:55 +0000 
Attachments: 20130622_NYA_Floorplan_Dining_Area.pdf; 
20130625_NYA_Dining_Area_Perspective.jpg; 
20130625_NYA_Materials_Dining_Area_01.jpg; 20130625_NYA_Dining_Area_Chairs.jpg; 
20130625 NYA Dining Area Lighting.jpg 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I hope you are well. 
We are happy to send you our presentation for your dining room. 
We propose to include some chairs by Edgar Brandt. An auction sale will be 
held this Thursday 27th in Paris with these chairs. The providence and the 
conditions are excellent, Andy Warhol sold the chairs to Andree Putman in 
1988. 
Let me know if you need further details about our work and if you want us 
to move forward on the project. 
Best regards, 
Sebastien Grandin 
Directeur Executif 
Studio Putman 
22, rue Chauchat 
75009 Paris 
(tel) + 
(fax) 
http://www. ace oo .com/studioandreeputman 
(See attached file: 20130625 NYA Dining Area Perspective.jpg)(See attached 
file: 20130625 NYA Materials Dining Area 01.jpg)(See attached file: 
20130625 NYA Dining Area Chairs.jpg)(See attached file: 20130625 NYA 
Dining Area Lighting.jpg)(See attached file: 20130622 NYA Floorplan Dining 
Area.pdf) 
EFTA01189098

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189099.pdf
----------------------------------------
STUDIO PUTMAN 
New York Mansion 
Dining Room 
June 2013 
EFTA01189099

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189100.pdf
----------------------------------------
Filepherwall 
Flooring 
STUDIO PUTMAN 
New York Mansion 
Dining Room 
June 3113 
SAvl)Oltll 
lining Table 
Dogwood & Broom 
EFTA01189100

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189101.pdf
----------------------------------------
STUDIO PUTMAN 
New York Mansion 
Dining Room Chain 
June 3)13 
EFTA01189101

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189102.pdf
----------------------------------------
STUDIO PUTMAN 
Ncw York Mansion 
Dining Room Lighting 
June 3113 
EFTA01189102

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189103.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ion nicola < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 13:06:45 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: orange_floor3.jpg 
Inline-Images: images-19.jpg; images-18.jpg 
in front of the door is the orange you sent me. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 08:51:36 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:45 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
..on the right side of the door is the old orange, in front of the door a little more red, and on the left side of 
the door more red. 
..should i put even more red? 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 08:26:05 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
more red 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:13 AM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
i picked an orange from an orange coral in google but here on white has a different contrast.. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 07:47:14 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
try an orange coral color 
EFTA01189103
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola 
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
> wrote: 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola < 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
> wrote: 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..internet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the 
paterns.. 
but is the design ok or still big? i'll try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01189104
--- PAGE 3 ---
******** 
*************** 
**************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
**************** 
***** 
************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189105
--- PAGE 4 ---
**************** 
************ 
**************** 
*************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*************** 
**************** 
*************** 
************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
** **************** 
*************** 
**************** 
********** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189106
--- PAGE 5 ---
******************** 
**************** 
*********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189107

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189108.pdf
----------------------------------------
IS 
'Ps 
EFTA01189108

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189109.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ion nicola
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 13:18:43 +0000 
Inline-Images: images-18jpg; images-19.jpg 
yes 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 9:06 AM, ion nicola 
in front of the door is the orange you sent me. 
wrote: 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 08:51:36 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:45 AM, ion nicola  
> wrote: 
..on the right side of the door is the old orange, in front of the door a little more red, and on the left side of 
the door more red. 
..should i put even more red? 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 08:26:05 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
more red 
On Tue, Jun 25, 2013 at 8:13 AM, ion nicola 
wrote: 
i picked an orange from an orange coral in google but here on white has a different contrast.. 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2013 07:47:14 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
try an orange coral color 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 8:06 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
EFTA01189109
--- PAGE 2 ---
this pictures are more accurate, i changed the white on the floor. 
the first has a lighter brown and the second a darker brown.. 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2013 18:14:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
not nice, try red ish brown, the light blue , does not look good 
On Mon, Jun 24, 2013 at 6:10 PM, ion nicola < 
I> wrote: 
..i did a design on the floor with a lighter blue.. 
is this blue good, or should i make it lighter? 
Date: Sun, 23 Jun 2013 13:03:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
make it a lighter blue than the wall otherwise very good 
On Sun, Jun 23, 2013 at 12:51 PM, ion nicola < 
> wrote: 
..intemet is very bad at the hotel, i just saw the pictures with the door you've sent me. 
i did in computer the floor at 5 palms.. just aproximate the design...i can use more of the 
patents.. 
but is the design ok or still big? i'll try later to put some doors on the wall too.. 
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2013 17:23:29 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
EFTA01189110
--- PAGE 3 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01189111
--- PAGE 4 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01189112
--- PAGE 5 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189113

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189114.pdf
----------------------------------------
(1CA 
f04-01•Aii 
EFTA01189114

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189115.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189115

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189116.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 
• 
. • 
.4. 
• 
•444 in. .....s••••• omr- wet 
••-• sr ♦ 40 Pr -To *Pen 
Oohed* re• -4. 1►, • ♦ 
ri 
EFTA01189116

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189117.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189117

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189118.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189118

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189119.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189119

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189120.pdf
----------------------------------------
o 
EFTA01189120

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189121.pdf
----------------------------------------
F1 
EFTA01189121

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189122.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189122

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189123.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kristofer Knutson <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: important 
Date: Fri, 07 Jun 2013 15:02:20 +0000 
Attachments: 20130607110145197.pdf 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Please see the attached schedule from BlackRock. The commitment for each of the three funds is $1.00mm across all 
entities. The agreement reached for Fund III's commitment was to add a cap on the net drawdowns (contributions less 
distributions for all funds combined) of $115MM. 
Fund I — Exit Stage, no further calls for capital 
Fund II — Exit Stage, although there may be one or two funds where a small amount of capital will be called, to be funded 
with distributions 
Fund III — Investment Stage, approximately SO% called 
Morgan Stanley is working to generate the schedule you have requested. 
Best, 
Kris 
Kristofer Knutson 
Managing Director I Executive Management - Office of the Chairman 
US News 8. World Report I New Yak Daily News 
599 Lexington Avenue. Suite 1800 
New York. NY. 10022 
lb Boston Properties 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [malltoleeyacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 07, 2013 8:40 AM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman; Kristofer Knutson 
Subject: Important 
it would be helpful, to have a more detailed presentation that details what you said was at least 100 million in 
firm commitments that mort has obligated these trusts to invest either now or in the future 
each trust should not only have its legal restrictions but its corpus , realized and unrealized tax positons 
liabilityes INCLUDING committments to invest .. Thank you for organinzing what you have so far, and i await 
the calculation of how much in fees commissions and overrides have been paid out , as well as a comparison to 
benchmark returns for the each trust and investment category, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA01189123
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential. proprietary and/or 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA01189124

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189125.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To• ct rcy Epstein icceacation@smail.com> 
Cc: kjet la, 
Eric Roth <IMMMI> 
Subject: Carpets 
Date: Fri. 07 Jun 2013 15:17:14+0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpcg; image(1).jpeg: imagc(2).jpcg 
EFTA01189125
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189126
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 7, 2013, at 7:2g AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jrcvacationfitigmagnm> wrote: 
please forward cric and forty pictures of both carpets , the blue chevron and the blue with stars cric it is wool. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jgcvacationggallila and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please f 
EFTA01189127

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189128.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Julia •-j
>, Ivjet <
7, , Eric Roth
Subject: Re: Carpets 
Date: Fri. 07 Jun 2013 17:18:00 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg; image(1).Meg; image(2).jpeg 
e
, it is the back that is as important that gives all the details. please do again 
On Fri, Jun 7, 2013 at 5:17 PM, MUea 
wrote: 
EFTA01189128
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189129
--- PAGE 3 ---
tier' 110111 my 'Plme 
On tun 7, 2013, at 7:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <joevacationgsmail.com> wrote: 
please forward eric and laity pictures of both carpets , the blue chevron and the blue with stars eric it is wool . 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jormeanon0/3gmBif mom  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please f 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA01189130
--- PAGE 4 ---
return email or by e-mail to jrevaration4gmait com. and 
destroy this communication and all copics thereof. 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189131

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189132.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth •ifiz• 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' leevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Carpets 
Date: Fri. 07 Jun 2013 17:13:02 +0000 
'aline-Images: imagc007.jpg; image008.jpg; image009.jpg; image010.jpg; image01 1 .jpg: image012.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
I am not sure about these two patterns (Chevron 8. Star Spangle Banner). 
In my opinion (please do not be offended). Ore stars needs to stay with Betsy Ross on a flag pole - not in your jet. If this was a sail boat. I could see it. 
I am concerned that the chevron pattern will be way too busy against the woodwork and be 'aestheticafly competitive' in pattern. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
r
e
it
i
On
s 
IMOYMC1.2201gla 
2121 VnithiprinkreNit.LC^CIII/ndMICArthrArport Ilontorkov Ntynort 13 779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacation€gnlail.comj 
Sent: Friday, June 07, 2013 1:18 eel 
Toip 
Ivjet; Eric Roth 
Su 
: Re: Carpels 
it is the back that is as important that gives all the details 
please do again 
On Fri, Jun 7. 2013 at 5:17 PM1MMINII
> wrote: 
EFTA01189132
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189133
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189134
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Jun 7, 2013, at 7:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jrevaraugiarckgmajtsgm> wrote: 
please forward cric and larry pictures of both carpets , the blue chevron and the blue with stars cric it is wool. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacadon(ii,gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please f 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jersagatiouggmaasem, and 
EFTA01189135
--- PAGE 5 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189136

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189137.pdf
----------------------------------------
kk 
--
• 
• 
. 
"No. 
A 
. 
• 
,,. t 
. 
• • 
- 
• • ' 
• 
AA 
I. • 
• 
- 
.,. 4. 14.. 
As. 
• 
•- 
,.. et 
., 4 • 
_ 
I
•
 ,40' 4.---•, .... 
, . • 
. 
.i.%-ti 
at 
.."1 .... • 
- 
- 
Alb. Wit 
.. 
. 
. ..••-• or- 
*A. 
.4 ,-• 
* 
t
l ii, 
% e 
_ 
- 
, . 
tr::-.  iv;  •-•
, d: 
- . 4 I  'C .
eft
% 
• '44 • . 
I 
, 
. 
• 
a 
.01 
. 
• ;V.' 
E 
• 
• 
, 
r 1 
• 
Jr• 
. 
rr 
b 
Ar 
• .1 
J
t r... 
f
i ..• 
, 
p. , 
a' ill a 
• 
. er it e: ... 
..... 
.".. 
..„ la:
• 
• ..,- 
s 
..‘ 
.. - 
gut l i c 
• 
a 
"e.. * 
• 
'ANS* 
• - 
. 
. k.e. -Ft.: ... 
• 
• 
.." 
... 
lir. 
. .• 
II 4- 
- 14 
• 
.AS 
.t. io• 
is 
rr 
•• 
• 
444: & 
• 
.•••• • • - • 
'•- 
• • 
1c• 
• 
' a, 
• 
a.: • 
• 
•-• Sit 
.a 
• 
- 
• 
1. NI., • 
• 1/4 . 
-• -` ••2. 
• 47. 
e 
c' 
• r  
,, 
re • • ' 
•, 
44: 
EFTA01189137

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189138.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
iii
aiii Ii iiii ii 
i° 11:71-,, 
:Vila: 
trr 
i• 
' ‘
flossills 
11:1I r • 
,\ 
I I
l
it 
r 
it," 
I eilli 
I ;It; 
 so 
I ' 
Ai 
III 
ICI. 
I all. I 
• 
- 
nu i 
■
i
' 4
. r i ti I. 1 %III t #$IN 
V It 
rtt 
v, 
I 
• -•... 
I 
. 
I '' ' 
, 0 
r.
i' l ' I
:ITN 
: II: 
ry : 1
a-els 
• 
, . 
r - • 
 _ 
. iy. i.. VIII 
I, 
V. IIS 
.• -... 
;11"; 
I VIII 
I Vol 
I 
bi 
' 
lik 
.11 
t& i. 
' 
"" ••ix.". • ..:.
, 
•k. .- 
. 
. 
,, 
• - 
-." " 
‘•• 
." 
'' 
. 
- 
'''‘. 
J. 
•• • 
- 
'1. 
EFTA01189138

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189139.pdf
----------------------------------------
r . 
ecae•tirie.i: 
--4:"-A PI; -Atin
ift -
- 
ft: • -Piz 
1:v
. . 
• 
• 4•
• - 
r •
• 
-• 
, 
MS*
 . .
.0;
i. 
47;4444 
/ , ‘ 
I 
I 
- 
4$'
4•54. 
-fW 
••• 
re, 
••• 
if 
a  
9cA 1 - 
....‘ 
.. 
- - 
. N 
4r 
ow 
Alledllia....
L 
ift .. 
.....
II ... 
.. 
. 
.. 
....t .. 
.., 
- 
.6 
. 
. . 
sa. 
•• 
-- 
•
▪ 
••• 
"...).r •giiiff,
-*
I.  
...% 
• 
' a 4kele 
.#.. 
W. 
--'•• 
..!‘
-t. .Za. 
"Utica 
.' 
• 
- 
". 
.. • k  
..... 
'.. . : 
.... 06 : 
14. ..t" .417
. 111
:: 
...... 
'
• 
ilt;tkir
.41
: 1
;'"I 
-. 
-C 
• r 4-,,, -... 
-, . 
— • 
- • • 
. . 
•-•7'. ..k, —‘..,,, 
- 
EFTA01189139

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189140.pdf
----------------------------------------
fir 
r. 
et. 
cern* 
•fik.. 
a 
• 
A 
' 
• 
41,- 
• 
1E 
• %:..2 . e 
4, 7 
• . 
' 
AIL 
• 
.1.`Aw's 
, . 
r 
• 
• 
• ' • 
' 
.• 
„, 
- „ 
•-• 
,p• 
•••• 
••••• 
- 
„ite 'et 
v. 
'lei < 
""' 
%. 
-""
"N. • 
• 
EFTA01189140

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189141.pdf
----------------------------------------
C. 70- 
• 
a,-
• 
e
• .. ... 
4.—
......- ....A.. f • 
....•.- . - 
4c 
fi
r-
',- -0,4_ - ... 
, 4 
. , 
" _ -,' -3t...
• 
P e
, fit 
• 
E 
• Pt
• ..* ' 
- 
, 
A 
a 
ill ii sill i Ella 
ati 
. 
•., 
i 
, 
I
INN" 
lI ia 
i MIN 1 11 
,::::i..: 
mi ni: 
I i L it
ii !hi 
le iliii 
i all* 
4,10.
flat 
'
, 
di
- 
, 
,;, 
NW/ 
$ 
$1 
iii 
q 
ri 
lit 
i
i tli 
• 
Ha 
I•S 
.; 
a 
it Sit 
k t 
i  i•i.- ii;;I: 
•:. tope,. 
, - 
ei lli t IV' 
• 
s : 
♦v dia
•% Afar 
1‘.
. 
••• 
▪ 
• 
- 
• 
S 
It 
s• • 
• 
'II.  
• 
t; 
• 
. 
• • 
- 
1%7.* 
I 
' 
- 
•• 
' 
• 
C 11 . 
ca• ' 
.1.-  • 
-• 
ka
gO
4r
• 
de, 
v.. • 
I 
LAS 
" cl
ik
- 
• 
s-t-e --
. 
- 
Nat -• 
• 
_ 
• ••• 
At. 
••.. 
NIT 
.4% 
Aar 
t. 
• 
, 
• 
• 
, 
• 
S. • 
• 
N.;:k 
" 
-•• 
s_s 
441P•
• 4.". 
• 
• 
a 
••• 
,;(2 
EFTA01189141

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189142.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189142

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189143.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189143

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189144.pdf
----------------------------------------
li NNE . ...... 
III 
I 
a 
 • 
AI 
I CI 
- 
I .
go 
ttli
-.. 
 t•-, .... IN 1.1. , ,,,
ft 4 
But % ay, „ . 
- 
..... . 
L.•/..1 :Li"' 
•ns 
w• it *,t . • 
_ 
s 
•iiiii 
;I! 
i 
ej. 
am 
1U -il
l  ;-- 
•4  —1:-.-• 
I tllt 
I VA 
k ;17,
f
j•i 
I a I 
Sao 
1411_ 
-• - 
IN '1 
! ■:S
ari  
;Hi 
;II; 
; 
t 
,g 
Sr
 .1 04
i 
ars  ttaias:
g 
SO 
I 
IL'S 
; 
Mlle I 
- 
Se. 
z-.- .,17"•••••-• 
..... 
, 
__ 
. 
- 
..... 
...... 
... 
*--.--  
1....,...
‘..- -1.7"
-  
..... 
... 
. 
- ....___ 
- 
-.. 
- 
- 
_2...teal-
--_-.-- 'We. 
- 
— 
- 
1iikk
_.- 
— to. -- 
- 
,.... 
-- 
-g—.
EFTA01189144

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189145.pdf
----------------------------------------
a 
t 
EFTA01189145

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189146.pdf
----------------------------------------
•Mi 
tin
s,
;141 
!lia4=ae 
... 
i 
IOLA' 
••••
'• 
s 
rir
ni
. —
,,t
--........, 
• 
......... 
. 
$ 
MIRO 
a l.._ 
Ii
Ltff.r.! r! ... , 
- - . alba i ii,---. ,i 
_.,-: , i i iiipm- i i inii 
!it..., 
- \ --- i _,-..
 , ..„. I 
MN 
/ ■S O 
mum 
i 
.k, 
. -- - 
t 
t aim i SNIP 
I 
WI 
! 
• 
I 1-i i aii i iffi i i 
--, - .!, , •,„ . ...., 44, , 
• ......4  ,• ...... , 
. 
NI o'ff 
.1 
. 0 . 4 i; s
. 
,..: 
_ 
=Zit 
• 
_ 
1,10. 
I 
IS in 
: 
an: 
!Il
. 
! 
Mai•I 
i■i 
ri 
! 
li 
,. 
....7 
!.' In• t1 ! ..
.. 
"••• 4 Ira 
I me 
ilia I 
...
. 
2.4 
'‘ I 
. 
....
. 
i 
Ini 
i 
ilii 
i 
a 
i ,  
i 
li
: 
as 
' 
al/ 
; 
;Ye; 
; 
MI
— sat—
— 
- 
... -..
r..„.
tr.... 
- li 
t 
alio i ri , 
"...tillt 1 •..1 
it, 
r: ".. .: 
! 
I 
Ill fli 
— 
..... 
:.  Ia 
, 
.3/4  -a; 
I 
.11.i 
$ 
Wt.," • :..,-i, . 
- - , 
• -.._ 
- - 
• _ _ 
wit i ....,,,,i_.-. : int.itg t ..... 
- 
• 
.1....... 
/ 
.•
!!! 
g 
—martratorill# 
ir 
. ' 
4441.5(clii 
ff.., 
I t 
AI 
I 
; i t 
' 
I. 
.• 
•
♦ 
• 
• 
1, 
• 
h • 
) 
.4.• -• 
• 1 
• * 
# .15 
. 
`I
\  
• , 
'1 
• : 
EFTA01189146

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189147.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacatton@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2013 01:42:22 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01189147
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189148
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189149

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189150.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
• 
2;4; 
0.41• 
AC 46
•:•-r 
itc 
.• • .• • 
• et 1-rt 
, - 
• . 
. 
. . 
; 
• 
'•-•47:"•:-..
" • 
-a. 
I 
a 
• 
• 
0;.•iii•tr• 
i 
I 
•
k 
• • 
:1/4  
• 
Z1
: J. 
• 
at .64.
- 
• 
. 
• 
S 
_1••• 
..t . 
• • 
'AL" - • c'z 
- 
I 
- 
• 
- 
tt, a
S.* •. •fit 
. . , 
yiN 
--. 
, 
, 
. ir 
'- tr r 
-.. 
... . 
--.. . .„--• . •-t. 
. 
-. - 
1., 
. 
• 
 . 
%X 
C 
• 
• 
. 
• It •C
•. -1 
EFTA01189150

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189151.pdf
----------------------------------------
ii,• , 
, I 
I 
Pr
/
 $ 
/ 
g rid• 
/ 
r ,, ; - . • '"  
a 
It 1
rl  2 
' A
7' 
' 
e, 
• , 
, 4. 
,1 jle;;f0',// 
r..1 # 
,' tr • 
t
P , 
s ... , 
, •/, / 
/ 
• 
, 
, 
' • . 
A . 
if 
• 
I • 1 
/ " 
I ( 
S t, 
• 
a 
f , 
• 
t r 
•• 
.
• .. 
„
r • 
/, 
" 
, 
. 
' 
'7 
A. 
is"; 
• i' 
, • 
L, 
; 
, , 
• 
i  
I 
4' i 
• 
Ad 
 ...• .1.
at I 
• 
, 
, 
• 
0, 
. 
" 
r 
r 
,fr 
• 
I 
, 
' • i 
I 
• 
'I 
4, 
. 
Os
' 4 I 
'•'_•) Ili', , 
+ 
4# r 
... t . 
e 4 I' ' 
:• 4. ' r ft - 
. 
' ; 
= it • / • 
c x
, • Ctr4 
0‘
it 
, 
,- : ), 
, • . , 
i..1 • 
• / 
ILL 
LI. Li it id', 
--
s
717P-"sg7
I 
1.1 'till II Ell llEl 
L 1 _ 
t 
EFTA01189151

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189152.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmad.com> 
Subject: :D 
Date: Sat, 22 Feb 2014 17:24:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_2.JPG 
Sent from my iPad 
• 4.
' 
• • a 
. 
::.. 
.e.11it 
. 
- Th e11:411, Wee 
......-. 'jab 
, ... 
- .---- 
- 
NII 
I raii..• 
a 
Oa 
" ..- a 
V.'  
? 
-to,_ =.7
ilit
iam
osip:1: 
! “ .2.1• 11.
..... 
.... 
-.• 
, 
EFTA01189152

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189153.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01189153

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189154.pdf
----------------------------------------
p.
EFTA01189154

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189155.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATTACHMENT TO SEXUAL OFFENDER REGISTRATION FORM 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Automobiles, Boats, Aircraft, Telephone Numbers, Email Addresses, and Internet Related Information 
AUTOMOBILES 
License 
State 
Vin U 
Plate 
Registered Color 
Property 
2005 Cadillac Escalade 
3GYFK66N75G102127 
TDJ 142 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
2010 Cheverolet Suburban 
.1GNUCKE05AR225550 
TED 218 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
2002 Mercedes Benz 5500 
WOBNG75J02A217037 
C16 5SP 
Florida 
Black Florida 
2010 Cheverolet Suburban 
1GNUKKE30AR251129 
MX H78 
Florida 
Black Florida 
2005 Cadillac Escalade 
3GYFK66N45G188335 
217 RKF 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2007 Hummer H2 
' 5GRGN23U57H100289 
CPK 643 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2000 Chevrolet Suburban 
.3GNFK16T6YG123568 
CliX 920 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2006 Bentley Arnage RL 
SCBLE37G26CX19439 
V75 2DS 
Florida 
Black New York 
2012 Cadillac Escalade 
1GYS4JEF4CR216976 
FTX 3455 
New York 
Black New York 
2008 Range Rover 
SALSH23448A128123 
MLD 7Ix 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
2013 Dodge Caravan 
'2C4RDGBG70R597495 
TEM 492 
USVI 
Black LSJ 
2013 Ford Expedition EL 
'1FMJK2A550EF21918 
522 RZZ 
New Mexico Black New Mexico 
Boat 
BOATS 
Names 
1999 3V Ribtec with Yamaha Engine 
Nana 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
.nra 
2011 Yamaha VX1800A-KB 
rVa 
2006 31' Cape Horn 
'PRO 
2008 36' Procat 
Little C 
Miss Ava - 1968 73' LMC-8 (barge) 
Big N 
2012 Bombadier Sea Doo 
nra 
2013 34' Sportis 5-10500/K 
Little S 
Registration 
Tail Number 
AIRCRAFT 
1968 Boeing 727 
.N908JE 
2001 Bell 430 
.N331JE 
1988 Gulfstream G-IV 
N212JE 
LANDLINES 
JEE lines 
JEE lines 
JEE lines 
JEE lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
staff lines 
Registration 
Hull ID 
Number 
Number 
2709-TB 
99507 
LSJ 
4106-TC 
US-YAMA2823D111 
LSJ 
4105-TC 
US-YAMA3205C111 
LSJ 
0730-TC 
FAB31056K506 
LSJ 
2907-TC 
WJIF10168808 
LSJ 
2583-TC 
740/16763 
LSJ 
4641-TC 
YDV19326E212 
LSJ 
4772-TC 
PL-SPTZ1969G313 
LSJ 
Airports for all locations 
The Cyril E. King airport in St. Thomas 
West Palm Beach International Airport and Boca Raton Airport 
Santa Fe Municipal Airport & Albquerque International. New Mexico 
John F Kennedy International Airport. Newark International Airport & 
Teterboro. NJ plus East 34th Street Heliport - 34th Street & FOR Drive. 
Wall Street Heliport - Pier 6 & FDR Drive & VIP Heliport - West 30th 
Street & 12th Ave 
Long Island MacArthur Airport and Stewart International Airport 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
LSJ 
EFTA01189155
--- PAGE 2 ---
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
staff lines 
LSJ 
JEE line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
fax 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
fax 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
fax 
Staff line 
Florida 
Staff line 
Florida 
JEE line 
New Mexico 
JEE line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
fax 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
Staff line 
New Mexico 
JEE lino 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
ax 
Staff line 
New York 
ax 
Staff line 
New York 
Staff line 
New York 
CELLPHONE 
INTERNET RELATED INFORMATION - SEE NOTE BELOW 
EMAIL ADDRESSES 
columbiadental1@yahoo.com 
jeeyacation@me.com 
jeeyacation1@me.com 
jeeproject@yahoo.com 
jeeyacation@gmail.com 
ieffreyaieffreyeostein.ore 
EFTA01189156
--- PAGE 3 ---
jeffrepapsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffreyepsteinorg@yahoo.com 
jeffroyepstein©live.corn 
WEBSITES 
vw0wjeffreyepsteinfoundation.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinscience.com 
www.jeffreyepstein.org 
vwsw.jeffreyepstein.us 
vw0wjeffreyepsteinblog.com 
vw0wjeffreyepsteinforum.com 
wwwjeffreyepsteinusvi.com 
www.jeffreyepsteineducation.com 
vwsw.jeffreyepsteinintemationacom 
vwnv.jeffreyepsteinnewyork.com 
TWITTER 
jeffrey_epstein 
jeffreyepsteinl 
OTHER INTERNET ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
Company 
411 
8coupons 
aboutus.org 
AirYell 
AllTop 
AmericanTowns 
Avantar 
BestOfTheWeb 
bing local 
business directory 
Blogspot (wvwtjeffreyepsteinblog.com) blog host 
Blogspot (wvwtjeffreyepsteinforum.com)blog host 
online management 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
sciencettechnology 
business directory 
public profile 
public profile 
social ntwk directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
social ntwk directory 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
business directory 
website 
website 
website 
website 
website 
website 
website 
public profile 
business directory 
grant directory 
business directory 
n-p job srch engine 
employment directory 
social ntwk directory 
social ntwk directory 
public profile 
public profile 
Type 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
article directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
Screenname 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein Ideas Forum 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
ChamberofCommerce.com 
Citysearch 
CitySquares 
CligSearch 
CoPilot 
Cricket 
Crunchbase 
Delicious 
Digg 
Disquis 
elocal 
EZIocal 
Face book 
Factual 
Flikr 
Ftikr 
Gather 
GetFave 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Go Daddy 
Google + 
Google Maps 
Grant Watch 
HopStop 
idealist.org 
Indeed 
Instagram 
Klout 
Linkedln 
Live 
User Name 
jeffreyepsteinl 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
www.jeffreyepstein.org 
www.jeffreyepsteinscience.com 
www.jeffreyepstein.us
www.jeffreyepsteinusvi.com 
www.jeffreyepsteineducation.com 
www.jeffreyepsteininternational.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinnewyork.com 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein 
jerfreyepstemorgiNgmail.com 
JeffreyEpstein 
jeffreyepstein@live.com
jeffreyepsteinorg@egmail.com 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
JeffreyEpsteinl 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffrey_epstein 
jenreyespteintoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinfoundation 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffrey@jeffreyepstein.org 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffreyepstein 
jeffreyepstein@live.com
EFTA01189157
--- PAGE 4 ---
Local.com 
LocalDatabase 
LocalPages 
manta 
MapQuest 
MerchantCircle 
MetroPCS 
MojoPages 
Myspace 
Nawnii 
Patch 
Penny Saver 
Philanthropy.Com 
PhoneNumber 
Photobucket 
Pinterest 
Pocketly 
PR.com 
ShowMeLocal 
SlideShare 
Sodahead 
Stumbleupon 
Supermedia 
Superpages 
Switchboard 
Technorati 
Topix 
Tupalo 
Twitter 
USCity.net 
vimeo 
Webbs 
Where To? 
White & Yellow Pages 
White Pages 
Wikipedia 
Wikipedia 
Yahoo 
Yahoo! 
YaSabe 
Yellowbook 
YellowBot 
Yenowise 
YellowMoxie 
YellowPageCity 
Yellowpages 
Yelp 
Yext 
You Tube 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
foundation directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
public profile 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
public profile 
JeffreyEpstein2 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
The Jeffrey Epstein Foundation 
business directory 
press releases 
business directory 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
social ntwk directory Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
public profile 
Jeffrey Epstein 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
website 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
public encyclodpedia 
public encyclodpedia 
public profile 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
business directory 
portal directory 
public profile 
jeffrey-epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
jeffreyepstein12 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey_Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
www.jeffreyepsteinfoundation.com 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation 
Jeffrey Epsteinl 
Jeffrey@jeffreyepstein.org 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
JeffreyEpstein 
jeffreyepsteinorg@yahoo.com 
jeffrey@jeffreyepstein.org
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffreyepsteinorg@gmail.com 
jeffrey-epstein 
jeffrey@jeffreyepstein.org 
JeffreyEpstein12 
je reyeps einor 
gala' .con 
jeffreyepstelnfoundation 
Turville 
Turville 
jeffreyepsteinorg@yahoo.corn 
jeffrey@jeffreyepstein.org 
le reyepsteinorg 
ADDITIONAL WEBSITES AND BLOG SITES MAINTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES WITH CONTENT RELATING TO 
PHILANTHROPIC, SCIENCE OR BUSINESS RELATED ACTIVITIES OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
www.jeffreyepstein.co 
www.jeffreyepsteininfo.com 
www.jeffreyepsteinfinance.com 
www.jeffreyepsteing3.wordpress.com 
wuw.jeffreyepsteins.blogspot.com
www.jeffreyepsteing3.jux.com 
NOTE: Mr. Epstein has retained third parties to provide reputation management services. These third parties 
independently create internet accounts. websites. blog sites. associated email addresses and other web-based 
accounts and content concerning Mr. Epstein. but which we neither created nor used by Mr. Epstein. 
Out of an abundance of caution. however. Mr. Epstein has been disclosing and will continue to disclose such Internet 
related Information. and any changes and additions thereto. as and when such information is disclosed to him by such 
third party reputation management service providers. Certain accounts listed above that were established 
by such third party reputation management service providers provide links to websites. email addresses and other 
accounts fall of which are listed above) associated with Mr. Epstein andfor his business. science of philanthropic related activities. 
ma il.com 
EFTA01189158

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189159.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2013 13:52:46 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_1.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189159
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189160
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189161
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01189162

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189163.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Jewelry & Fine Arts Policies 
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2013 14:14:55 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313071216251.pdf 
> 
Attached are scheduled items that i would like to review with you in more detail tomorrow 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New 
10022 
tel 
f 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: July 12, 2013 4:25:35 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messa e from KMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01189163

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189164.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MIMIII
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: My Notary License :) 
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2013 15:41:13 +0000 
Attachments: SICMBT_C25313071611180.pdf 
Now that I have my license, I can purchase my stamp and seal...then I will be able to notarize :) 
EFTA01189164

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189165.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: fyi 
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2013 18:41:55 +0000 
Attachments: ScottonN.doc; Jaber_Amanda Resume_(2).pdf 
I hear you will be here tomorrow — please look at Scotton resume-any interest in seeing her re tax professional. Other 
resume for Amanda is the junior associate type person I mentioned. No need for you to see her. References check well but 
I want to spend a bit more time with her. 
Eileen Alexanderson 
Black Family Partners, 
do Apollo Management 
W 57th Street 
New York NY 10019 
phone: 
email: 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01189165

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189166.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189166

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189167.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Fab •z:MI
> 
To: jeeproject@yahoo.com 
Subject: Kate Spade Saturday Is Back On Fab! Save 30% On Select Items! Your Saturday Best Just 
Got Better! 
Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2013 23:12:39 +0000 
Unable to see this message? Click here to view. 
To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add 
to your address book. 
Don't want this? Safety unsubscribe 
Lw,Smile, you're designed to. 
l
i
t
Shop Now 
EFTA01189167
--- PAGE 2 ---
About Help Contact Us Return Policy Shipping Terms Privacy 
fit 
You received this email because you are registered on fab.com with the email address: jeeprojectPyahoo.com.
We respect your privacy. View our privacy_policy. If you believe this has been sent to you in error, please safely 
unsuhscribe.
Facom Inc. 
Morton Street, 8th Floor 
New York, NY 10014 
EFTA01189168

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189169.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Roy Hodges < 
>, ion nicola
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 22 Jul 2013 13:00:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: images-20jpg; images-20(1)jpg 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189169

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189170.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189170

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189171.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon czi 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: RE 
Date: Mon, 22 Jul 2013 15:35:13 +0000 
Attachments: Chess_Garden.jpg; Great_Room_Planterjpg 
Inline-Images: 0.jpeg; 0-1.jpeg 
ccS 
Jeffrey 
FYI 
Saturday and Sunday thunderstorms storms caused flooding, with erosion to roads etc 
Will be accessing any plant material damage today with Jose 
regards 
Brice Cordon 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 87056 
EFTA01189171

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189172.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189172

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189173.pdf
----------------------------------------
fre 
sit 
Se
411111Ejerli
dli 
Ic
war 
-*A 
la 
As 
Y 
*4.S 
EFTA01189173

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189174.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: CONFIDENTIAL - JE 
Date: Mon, 22 Jul 2013 18:59:47 +0000 
Attachments: Invoice_,_7-2-13.doc 
attached is many June invoice which it appears i did not present to you last week for payment 
confirming ok to pay many june invoice in the amount of 40,700 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York  10022 
tel 
fax 
ce
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Martin Weinberg" < 
Date: July 2, 2013 9:42:15 AM EDT 
To: "Rich Kahn" 
Cc: "Jeffery Edwards" <jeevacation@gmail.com>,  
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL - JE 
Richard 
An invoice for June's legal services. 
Marty 
Martin G. Weinberg 
MARTIN G. WEINBERG, PC 
Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116
(FAX) 
**************************************************************************** 
This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, 
and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are 
not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
of this message is prohibited. 
***************** 
******* 
****************************** 
***** **ilk*** ******* 
**it 
EFTA01189174

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189175.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <1 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Nathan Myhrvold 
Date: Mon, 22 Jul 2013 20:05:26 +0000 
Attachments: DirectionsSeaTactoSunset.pdf 
Nathan could meet for lunch on the 7th but in his office in Bellevue, WA...see below directions...OK for the 
lunch to be at Nathan's office on Aug. 7th? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Natalie French  
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: July 22, 2013 3:59:37 PM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff < 
We are in Bellevue - 3150 139th Ave SE 
I've attached directions from the airport to our offices. There is a chance we can make it at the lab but I won't 
know for a few days. Would that be okay? 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, July 22, 2013 9:29 AM 
To: Natalie French 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
I think that should be ok...where is Nathan's office? what is the address...it's still Seattle, yes? 
On Jul 22, 2013, at 11:25 AM, Natalie French wrote: 
I can make lunch on the 7th work but it would most likely have to be at Nathan's office. Would that be okay? 
EFTA01189175

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189176.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith <
a> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Vahe Stepanian 
,
Cc: Paul Morris 
Vinit Sahni 
Nay Gupta 
Subject: Energy Renaissance Equities + Trade idea: KI Brent puts [C] 
Date: Mon, 03 Mar 2014 18:49:59 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1); unnamed(2); unnamed(3); unnamed(4) 
Classification: Confidential 
* * Prepared exclusively for Jeffrey Epstein - KCP US * • 
Jeffrey - 
For Energy, consider these percentages below (modification from within the proposed Energy Renaissance basket). Note, 
Sunedlson (SUNE) rallied 28% over the back half of last month, believe the bulk of the steam is out of that one, but you may 
disagree and want to play that momentum. Hannon Armstrong (HASI) looks compelling on weakness (just macro backdrop) 
here; this company is effectively a publically traded energy retrofit finance co., or, as the company calls itself "sustainable 
infrastructure capital', with a —6.3% current yield with the shares at —$14. Approach Resources (AREX) also reported a 
strong quarter (see chart below, still interesting); this is a small-cap ($879mm market cap) US nat gas/crude E&P name. 
Also below is a short play on Brent (depending on your view): 
Its a 107 strike put on Jul14 Brent crude (thus expires in June, —3mos). Spot ref for Jul14 crude is 110.6 (thus in-the-money 
strike), but the put Knocks-In, only if crude trades above 114 over the next 1-month, $0.85/bbl offer (compared to $2.70/bbl 
vanilla). 113 and 115 KI are also provided below from our Commods team. Indicative levels only, subject to market 
movement, source: DB ICG Commodities, 3/3/14. 
EFTA01189176
--- PAGE 2 ---
Equity 
Energy Rena isance Theme 
GE 
$ 
1.00 
Hannon Armstrong (HASI) 
$ 
0.50 
Casella Waste (CWST) 
$ 
0.25 
Euon (XOM) 
$ 
1.00 
Kinder Morgan Inc (KW) 
$ 
0.50 
SAmgrouP (SEA%) 
$ 
0.50 
Spectra (SE) 
$ 
0.50 
Chemists GAG) 
$ 
0.25 
Approach Resources (AREX) 
$ 
0.50 
Haliburton (MAO 
$ 
0.50 
China Gas (384 Mk non-US) 
$ 
0.50 
American Water Works (MYR' $ 
0.50 
IHS IOC) 
0.50 
CILEE INC (ClUlE) 
0.50 
Lyondell Sasell (I.T8) 
$ 
0.25 
Dupont (DO) 
0.25 
Worts', Parsons (w Os. AU, nor $ 
0.25 
(Sunedison (SURE)) 
(Solar City (STCY)) 
(Tesla (ISIA)) 
Equity Sub Total 
8.25 
Commodities/OTC Brent Crude 13mo Twin Win 
$ 
2.00 
OTC Short Brent Option' 
S 
1.00 
2yr WO Call • 
S 
1.00 
Short AUD (hedge,' 
S 
0.25 
Energy Rennaisance Sub Total 
$ 
12.50 
) 22.25 
- .02 
......---•"- 
C22.25 /22.28Q 
x 2 
Vol 809.716 
C 22.090 
H 23.171) 
L 21.87Q 
Val 18.28181 
• 
- i • Armllio998 Actions - 
Edit- r•—virTabar
EThe 
art 
f201{ Ias flipRI EMI ^  
7---rz- 
•<, ....;, MIN= 
!I tA0 " 
-3x 
Daitv • 
7' 
st- Sects:IN/Study 
'I Event 
+ Track 
Annotate 
News 
, Zoom 
32.00 
Source: Bloomberg 3/3/14 
EFTA01189177
--- PAGE 3 ---
-- Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 03103/2014 01:05 PM --
From: 
Jelin Bindalldb/dbcom@DBCOEX 
To: 
ICG Commodities. 
Cc: 
Ricardo Conha/db/dbcom@DBAmericas. Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS. Commodity Shucturing_Assets. CCRT Corr 
Date: 
03/0312014 09:04 AM 
Subject: 
Trade idea: Brent puts [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Trade idea: Brent KI put 
Underlying: Jul14 Brent (CON4) 
Jul14 Ref: 110.6 
Rationale: near term spike due to events in Ukraine followed by decline 
1) Vanilla 107 put offered @$2.70/bbl 
2) KI Put 
107 put. Knocks in only if Jul14 settles above $114 on any day in the next 1 month. Offered @$0.85/bbl 
For KI Barrier 113, offered @$1.35 
For KI Barrier 115, offered @$0.60 
Prices are indicative and will need to be refreshed before trading. 
Brent Jul14 price history over last 1 month - 
EFTA01189178
--- PAGE 4 ---
LUNY 1110.61 
8:48 
u vui 
CON4 Comclty 
Period 
Rang
1D 3D J.1M 1611 
I 
I 
I 
I 
-7 
4.; 
21832 
110.56 110.59 
1U0.15 
11U.Y1 
2x 9 
rrev 
LU 
1UO.1.5 
upemint /OLY.5 
' 99 Save As 
Actions- 
911 Edit 
- 
Table 
Y7D 
20:00 
lY 
17:59 
SY 
 il Last Price 
110.61 
T High on 03/03 07:30 110.76 
ifrikverage 
107.50 
I Low on 02/04 07:00 103.71 
II Prey Close  
104.10 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I
I
I 
I
I 
I
I
I 
I
I 
I
I 
12 
24 
103 
Feb 2014 
Mar 201 
Australia 61 2 9777 8600 Brazil 5511 3048 4500 E.rcpe 44 20 7330 7508 Germany 49 69 9204 1210 Hong Kong 852 2977 6000 
Japan 81 3 3201 8900 
Singapore 65 6212 1060 
U-S- 1 212 318 2O00 
Copyright 2014 Bloomberg Finance
SH 105613 EST O7-5.00 G990-317-0 03-Mar-2014 08.59.15 
lax 
Last Price 
011m V 
Line 
11) Compare
I 
i 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
-NM 
Cf: Security/Study 
Line Chart 
po 
No Lower Chart 
M Event
.
.
.
►111.00 
110.00 
109.00 
108.00 
107.00 
I-106.00 
►105.00 
►104.00 
Thanks 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 ParkAvenue. 26th Floor 
New York NY 1r1 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobil 
Email 
Poin-itrvcitr Peiftrom, 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
EFTA01189179
--- PAGE 5 ---
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189180

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189181.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189181

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Dangene on Fri won't work 
Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2013 11:38:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: EWLarge2.jpg 
Please see below from Jennie re Dangene on Fri. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jennie Enterprise < 
Date: September 2, 2013, 4:50:52 I'M EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
Cc: Dangene McKa 
Appointment 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Jennie Saunders Enterprise < 
Hi Lesley !!!! HAPPY LABOR DAY ! Dangene + I will be in Rome and Sicily for 10 days ....back beginning 
of October ...Can we set something up then .? XOXOXXO 
Enterpriseworld 
CORE: Jennie Enterprise I 
S
ndjenterprise Founder & Chairman I 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 I Main: 
Mobile: 
www.coreaccess.net I 
EFTA01189182

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189183.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith <I 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
, Vahe Stepanian 
, Nay Gupta 
, Paul Morris 
Cc: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Healthcare (Foundation Medical update + Basket) [C] 
Date: Mon, 03 Mar 2014 19:17:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1); unnamed(2); unnamed(3) 
Classification: Confidential 
* • Prepared exclusively for Jeffrey Epstein - KCP US • * 
Jeffrey - 
Your Foundation Medical (FMI) is down -6% (bigger than expected 4Q loss last week, but inline forward guidance); recall 
you're long 25k shares at $27.50, stock is presently $33.58 (chart below). Consider adding on weakness (or take your —$150k 
gain if you're view has has changed). 
The rest of your Healthcare basket is down an average of -1.5%. We know you're bullish on the group and its recent positive 
momentum - your basket below, consider adding a leg here: 
Original 
Modified 
Current 
Total 
Equity 
Bristol Myers (BMY) 
2.50 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Pfizer (PFE) 
2.50 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Merck (MRK) 
2.50 
2.00 
$ 
2.00 
Valeant (VRX) 
S 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Actavis (ACT) 
1.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Gilead (GILD) 
1.50 
$ 
1.10 $ 
0.40 $ 
1.50 
Mylan (MYL) 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Endo Health (ENDP) 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
HCA Holdings (HCA) 
S 
0.50 
$ 
1.00 
$ 
1.00 
Rite Aid (RAD) 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
Foundation Medical (FMI,
$ 
0.70 $ 
0.70 
Ariad (ARIA) 
$ 
0.10 $ 
0.10 
Sangamo Biosciences (SGMO) 
$ 
1.00 $ 
1.00 
Biogen (BNB) 
$ 
0.50 $ 
0.60 $ 
1.10 
Agerion (AEGR) 
$ 
0.50 
$ 
0.50 
CVS Caremark (CVS) 
1.00 
1.00 
Healthcare Sub Total 
$ 
15.00 
$ 
14.60 $ 
2.80 
$ 
17.40 
EFTA01189183
--- PAGE 2 ---
FMI US $ 
J 33.48 
-2.15 *---- 
033.41/33.50K 
2x25 
At 14:02 
Vol 196,450 
C 35.37Q 
H 35.48Y 
L 33.10D  Val 6.719M 
Save As 
Actions - 
97) ladterTh Table am'glErLine 
Chart 
ll  al 
al Onare 
Mc. L.", =NEM 
.aLne 
lia
r ' 
/D 
3D in on rm 13Y i sr Max Daily ,  
L 
4): security/study 
RI US Nulty 
Dricc 
+ 
Track :A Annotate- kg--News 0., Zoom ' 
. 
. 
i
•
  Last Price 
33.48 
T Hill on 09/30/13 39.64 
-6- Average 
28.982 
Low on 09/24/13"18.00 
Event 
O 
•40 
IV. Volume 
-0.1.96M 
SMAVG (15) 0.196M 
I PA(latiLati. 
— 
.•aljniritwan
, AAIHI
-
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
2013 
Dec 
Jan 
2014 
Feb 
5M 
411511 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Petnitri,* Pee-post 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189184

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith •tt
> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
, Vahe Stepanian 
,
Cc: Paul Morris 
Vinit Sahni 
Nay Gupta 
Subject: Technology (last email!) [C] 
Date: Mon, 03 Mar 2014 19:32:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1); unnamed(2) 
Classification: Confidential 
* • prepared exclusively for Jeffrey Epstein - KCP US • * 
Jeffrey - 
Last one for the day - I promise! 
Consider adding here (below is modified from within your the previously discussed basket based on current levels - example 
increasing weight of Adobe (ADBE) on macro weakness and ahead of Morgan Stanley Tech Conference tomorrow (3/4) and 
earnings on the 18th. 
For the XLK risk reversal, consider the following: 
XLK pot ref 35.92 
Sell Jan15 36 put -$2.51 
Buy Jan15 36 call -$1.80 
Net Credit: $0.71/sh (-2%) 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement. Source: Bloomberg, 3/3/14. 
EFTA01189185
--- PAGE 2 ---
TechnologyrnAn 
Equity 
Apple (AAPL) 
Facebook (Fa) 
Twitter (TWTR) 
Samsung Electronics (non-US) 
$ 
1.00 ADR listed in London, USD denom 
Comcast (CMCSA) 
$ 
0.50 
Criteo (CRTO) 
$ 
0.50 
Yelp (YELP) 
$ 
0.25 
Amazon (AMZN) 
$ 
0.25 
Mastercard (MA) 
$ 
0.25 Consider ITM Risk Reversal 
Vodafone NOD) 
$ 
0.25 Just went ex-Verizon Wireless 
Juniper (1NPR) 
$ 
0.25 
Cisco (CSCO) 
$ 
0.25 
Adobe (ADBE) 
$ 
0.50 
KtuakomKtCOMH 
$ 
- 
[Ayago (AVGO)] 
$ 
- 
[F5 Networks (FFIV)] 
S 
%LK Ja n15 ITM Risk Revers a I 
S 
20: 
Technology Sub Total $ 
5.00 
DI 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Email 
Panin.47 Peepon't 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189186

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189187.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Warren Eisenstein 
Subject: Senior Men's Eye Test 
Date: Sat, 29 Jun 2013 21:54:31 +0000 
Inline-Images: cidimage001jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage003jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage005jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage007jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage009jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage002.jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage004jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage006jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage008jpg@OlCE74AB.661820DO; 
cidimage010jpg@OlCE74AB.661820D0 
Keep on Pushin' 
Warren 
Subject: FW: Senior Men's Eye Test 
Senior Men's Eye Test 
EFTA01189187
--- PAGE 2 ---
CALM DOWN! 
It's just a tree. 
EFTA01189188
--- PAGE 3 ---
It's a dog! 
We know what your thinkin! 
EFTA01189189
--- PAGE 4 ---
FLAK 
Its just 
egg shells 
I if 
4 
/ 
SI IT], I,7
DIRTY MIND 
They're just tall weeds.
EFTA01189190
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01189191
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01189192
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01189193

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189194.pdf
----------------------------------------
~. 
EFTA01189194

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189195.pdf
----------------------------------------
---atimPots^-• 
1:
1.111Call
irimpa.
"';;W st
EFTA01189195

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189196.pdf
----------------------------------------
waect-~~
EFTA01189196

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189197.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
:1 
elln, 
"e
lle 
•-•••••'0 -•••• 
r--
/ 
EFTA01189197

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189198.pdf
----------------------------------------
1.11111 
0,1,00.404.111..11.011.1.....01.11111.1.01.1.1.11.001. 
Arnerieen Aldines je‘t, 
Maire vol &ter 
ven. 07/03 
qqlllllllNllfIII111NN1.111141NN11NfN1114N11111NN11111NN4NIII4N11111N1NNINNINNNNN 
sam. 15/03 
1065,00 f 
escale(s) 
+ 
Paris (CDG1 
ven. 07/012014 - 17:10 
ai voir le détail bagage 
+ 
New York (JFFq 
sam. 08/03/2014 - 08 00 
din voir le détail bagage 
Votre vol retour 
4.. St Thomas Island (Sn) 
sam. 15/03/2014 - 13:05 
voir le détail bagage 
New York (JFK) 
sam. 15/03/2014 - 19:05 
lai voir le détail bagage 
4. Londres (LHR) 
dim. 16/03/2014 08:55 
New York (JFK) 
ven. 07/03/2014 u 19:55 
St Thomas Island (STT1 
sam. 08/03/2014 13:00 
New York (.11-K) 
sam. 15/03/2014 17:30 
s 
AA 121 
OMM 
iacti) 
1065,00 E* 11 
(1..v..Plif) 
AA 936 
N"' 
• 
.crs,.,..u•ras 
AA 936 
Londres (LHR) 
AA 11.00 
dim. 16/03/2014 06:20 
Paris (CDC) 
dim. 16/03/2014 11:15 
•inietAanirk rk.n • Malt Ins I. A I wa.orr• ras 
I 
r Ir. ni A+ 
AA 6554 
EFTA01189198

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 01:28:33 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Left eye... Is it a punishment for kissing around too much? 
EFTA01189199
--- PAGE 2 ---
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189200
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189201

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189202.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Carpet 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 13:26:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 ljpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
Have you given any more thought to the carpet color and patem? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
G
ID international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
I www.intljet.com 
1.0
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
EFTA01189202

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189203.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: Carpet 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 13:30:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: image002.jpg; image00 1 jpg; image003.jpg 
Either wood or a lighter blue that reflects light. 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
Have you given any more thought to the carpet color and patem? Try the images sent 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
G-• 
international jet 
.
!:
T
E
R
I
O
FI
S 
kJ 
www.intljet.cont ••••—• 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacAnhur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA01189203
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189204

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189205.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Carpet 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 13:33:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: image004.jpg; image005.jpg; image006.jpg; image007.jpg; image008.jpg; image009.jpg 
If we stick with blue, how much lighter than the 037 Twilight sample I sent you? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
Oki 
I vAvw.intget.com 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 03, 2013 9:31 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
Either wood or a lighter blue that reflects light. 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
Have you given any more thought to the carpet color and patem? Try the images sent 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
•
international jet 
I
C
R
I
O
R
S 
v‘ww.intl
m .•••••• •••••••• 
ti 
2221 Smithtown Avenue. Long Island MacArthur Airport. Ronkonkoma. New York 11779 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA01189205
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189206

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189207.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 13:43:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: image007.jpg; image004.jpg; image005.jpg; image008.jpg; image006.jpg; image009.jpg 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
If we stick with blue, how much lighter than the 037 Twilight sample I sent you? 
From my house 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
www.intljet.com 
•—• 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationegmail.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 03, 2013 9:31 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
Either wood or a lighter blue that reflects light. 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
Have you given any more thought to the carpet color and patem? Try the images sent 
EFTA01189207
--- PAGE 2 ---
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
wwwintrettont 0 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacAnhur Airport. Ronkonkoma, Ncw York 11779 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA01189208
--- PAGE 3 ---
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189209

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189210.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Carpet 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 13:51:57 +0000 
Attachments: photo_5.jpg 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg; image004.jpg; image005.jpg; image006.jpg 
Not following 100%, sorry... 
Specifically, which blue carpet? Are you referring to the one attached? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
 international jet 
i
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
I C 
I www.intljet.com 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maittoleeracation@gmall.00m] 
Sent: Wednesday, July 03, 2013 9:48 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
The image that you thought looked too old school 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
From what house? 
ERIC H. ROTH 
PRESIDENT 
•_) international jet 
L
I
E
R
I
O
R
S 
I C 
I www.intljet.com 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevagmail com 
Sent: Wednesda Jul 03 2013 9:43 AM 
To: Eric Roth; 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
EFTA01189210
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
If we stick with blue, how much lighter than the 037 Twilight sample I sent you? 
From my house 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
G
-9• 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
t3 ii
vointintljet.com •—• 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevaSgmail com 
Sent: Wednesday, July 03, 2013 9:31 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
Either wood or a lighter blue that reflects light. 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
Have you given any more thought to the carpet color and patern? Try the images sent 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA01189211
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189212

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189213.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: Carpet 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 14:40:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: image004.jpg; image002.jpg; image005.jpg; image003.jpg; image001.jpg; image006.jpg 
can someone go to my house in ny , do you have a person with a color corrected camera , though i would also 
like to see wood color 
On Wed, Jul 3, 2013 at 10:38 AM, Eric Roth < 
Ok. This carpet is much lighter and brighter than where we started. 
wrote: 
Can I get a small piece of this? Is this in your home in New York? Paris? 
Who can I speak to that can help me expedite this information? 
Once we get the color you like, what about construction? All loop? all cut pile? tip shear, pattern? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
I C 
www.intretcom 
VO. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationagmail.com
Sent: Wednesday, July 03, 2013 10:32 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
EFTA01189213
--- PAGE 2 ---
Yes 
On Wed, Jul 3, 2013 at 9:51 AM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
Not following 100%, sorry... 
Specifically, which blue carpet? Are you referring to the one attached? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
- 
international jet 
CSI 
www inC 
let COM 
- - 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtmjeevacationagmail com 
Sent: Wednesday, July 03, 2013 9:48 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
The image that you thought looked too old school 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
From what house? 
EFTA01189214
--- PAGE 3 ---
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
i
T 
E
R 
I
CI
R 
S 
Ic~l
.www.intljetcom 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationagmail.com]
Sent: Wednesda Jul 03 2013 9:43 AM 
To: Eric Roth; 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
If we stick with blue, how much lighter than the 037 Twilight sample I sent you? 
From my house 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
p 
international jet 
I
I 
E
P
I
O
R 
I cllllllllllllllllllllltll
S 
.www.intljet.com 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacationagmail.com]
Sent: Wednesday, July 03, 2013 9:31 AM 
EFTA01189215
--- PAGE 4 ---
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: Re: Carpet 
Either wood or a lighter blue that reflects light. 
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
Have you given any more thought to the carpet color and patem? Try the images sent 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
****** ***************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeela®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189216
--- PAGE 5 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189217

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189218.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: Landscaping 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 14:41:33 +0000 
Attachments: 0702131557a.jpg 
Jeffrey 
Jose received the 6 Cypress trees for the main parking area 
Unfortunately they where in bad condition and not even in size 
Would you consider Emerald Green Arborvitae instead of the Cypress 
what would you like us to do 
reorder Cypress, 4 weeks or use Arborvitae, available locally 
attached photo of Emerald Green Arborvitae for your reference. 
Brice Cordon 
Ph 
EFTA01189218

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189219.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189219

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189220.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: CV 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 15:19:58 -000O 
Attachments: 
Where are you?Did you get my last photos?I'd like to talk to you:) 
EFTA01189220

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189221.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189221
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189222
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189223

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189224.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2013 17:33:04 +0000 
Attachments: M.png 
Did you see this? she provides 
I can't believe she caused all the trouble and now just has her little company as if nothing happened. 
Is there a reason why I couldn't sue her or make her name and involvement public knowledge? 
EFTA01189224

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189225.pdf
----------------------------------------
\* 
Founded by 
promotes 
independence by making useful and convenient resources available to elderly and disabled 
peop... See More 
EFTA01189225

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189226.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Harry Beller c:MMIII
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Rich Kahn 
Subject: AYH 
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2013 18:47:47 +0000 
Attachments: emails_sent_to_AYH.pdf; AYH_observations_final.docx 
Jeffrey 
Attached are emails that I sent to AYH (from June 2011) requesting information. 
I also attached my memo to you dated 2/26/13. 
Harry 
EFTA01189226

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189227.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh 
Subject: Fwd: AYH 
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2013 18:49:08 +0000 
Attachments: emails_sent_to_AYH.pdf; AYH_observations_final.docx 
Forwarded message  
From: Harry Beller <I 
Date: 2013/7/8 
Subject: AYH 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Rich Kahn  
Jeffrey 
Attached are emails that I sent to AYH (from June 2011) requesting information. 
I also attached my memo to you dated 2/26/13. 
Harry 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189227

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189228.pdf
----------------------------------------
. 11,1108 S11911515 '5
=
Dale: Alm 08 191 2013 19:5,20+0000 
Massagej 
Full Body Massage 
House Calls Availabh 
Upon Request 
EFTA01189228

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189229.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Catsimatidis for Mayor" Catsimatidis_for_Mayor@mail.vresp.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Catsimatidis "Friendrasier" Union League, Tuesday July 16 
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2013 21:31:10 +0000 
Dear Friend 
I am sure you have heard by now, friends supporting John Catsimatidis for Mayor of New 
York have been holding "Friendraisers" all over the city. No funds are solicited, only an 
opportunity to meet John and learn about his candidacy. 
Below is an invitation we have sent to a select group of influential pepole and hope you 
might come by. 
Hope you will come by. 
,:'horace baler union leag July 
EFTA01189229
--- PAGE 2 ---
RSVP 
Horace.M.Barker@morganstanley.com
or 
rlorenzo99@yahoo.com 
or 
matt@cats2013.com 
Click to view this email in a browser 
II you no longer wish to receive these emails. please reply to this message with 'Unsubscribe" in the subject line or simply click on the following link: Unsubscribe 
Catsimatidis for Mayor 
823 11th ave 
New York, New York 10019 
US 
Read the VerticalResponse marketing policy. 
; °,3,_D, Email Marketing  with VerticalResponse! 
EFTA01189230

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189231.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189231

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189232.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel Siad 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 09 Jul 2013 08:01:52 +0000 
Attachments: 
•jig; 
j138 
Here is the pic of 
from Switzerland I took the pictures in 
Dubai she will be in Paris the end of July 21 years very sweet would 
like to assist in same time may be acting lessons she is pro tennis 
player 
best rregards 
when are you going to be in Europe next time 
On Mon, Jul 8, 2013 at 6:13 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> did you get 
> --
> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
htt ://www.asian eace rizefoundation.org 
NOTICE: This e-mail is covered by the Electronic Communications Act, 
U.S.C. SS 2510-2521 and is legally privileged. This E-Mail 
(including any attachments) may contain privileged or confidential 
information. It is intended only for the addressee(s) indicated above. 
The sender does not waive any of its rights, privileges or other 
protections respecting this information. Any distribution, copying or 
other use of this E-Mail or the information it contains, by other than 
EFTA01189232
--- PAGE 2 ---
an intended recipient, is not sanctioned and is prohibited. If you 
received this E-Mail in error, please delete it and advise the sender 
(by return E-Mail or otherwise) immediately 
EFTA01189233

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189234.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189234

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189235.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 09 Jul 2013 13:10:43 +0000 
Attachments: MAS_One_Pager.pdf 
i really need your help. the backer of my publishing project for Vivienne ( see attached ) pulled out yesterday 
leaving me one month to publish and distribute her book with all the media placements already in place. 
the best way i know how to make it still happen is to sell off all the inventory we have in stock by developing an 
ambassador program that asks a handful of people to contribute $1,500 - $2,500 as a sponsorship donation to 
help build out kids libraries at schools/organizations that want our product. 
I need to raise a further $15,000 and can likely do it, but i have a tiny window to turn it around and from the 
people I've so far considered everyone wants to know whether it can be a tax deductible donation. 
I appreciate this isn't your cup of tea ( at all ) but pulling off this project now is of extreme importance to me, 
moreover because of how it could (will ) positively impact my visa which has three months left on it. 
Is there a way for Chocolate Sauce to align with Enhanced Education? 
Attached is the story if you care to read, plus a short video clip of Vivienne: 
On Jul 8, 2013, at 1:11 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
yes„ enhanced education 
On Mon, Jul 8, 2013 at 1:02 PM, 
J, do you have a non-profit? Is Essential Education a non-for-profit? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
> wrote: 
EFTA01189235
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189236

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189237.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: Cecile deJongh a, 
Jeanne Brennan aMill
> 
Subject: ISP / LSJE Will & Tower 
Date: Mon, 03 Mar 2014 22:36:38 +0000 
Attachments: Terrence_Quote.pdf; viNGN_Community_Anchorinstitution_List_10-30-13.xlsx 
ISP 
In order to become an ISP our entity must complete the following: 
1) Register with Lt Governors office via application (VINGN initial connection fee of 500) 
2) Register our Dragon wave and Red Line (ISP Equipment) with FCC 
Dragon wave 1,500 
Red Line 1,200 x 2 = 2,400 
Total FCC Cost = 3,900 
3) Provide VINGN with the following information about our entity 
a) articles of organization 
b) certificate of good standing 
c) certificate of incumbency 
Monthly ISP Operating Costs 
VINGN 25 Meg Min Monthly Purchase at cost of $40 per meg = 1,000 per mo 
(must commit to a 2 or 5 year contract term) 
VINGN Dual attached connectivity rate = 200 per month 
VINGN Transport Aggregation = 100 per month 
VINGN Co-k Package (External) = 800 per month 
SBA Tower Rental on STT = 400 per month 
Total Monthly Costs = 2,500 
Total Annual Cost = 30,000 
Cost per Meg = 100 per month 
(Terrence believes that if we buy more 50 meg or more we will have ability to negotiate above figures) 
30,000 annual cost will provide 25 Meg of intemet for STC and LSJE. We would have to decide on how much 
to provide each property with. 
Our current bandwidth and costs are as follows: 
LSJE via Choice 15 Meg @ 2,625 per month = 31,500 annual cost (175 cost per meg per month) 
STC via TM Telecom 4.5 Meg @ 2,139.60 per month = 25,648.56 annual cost (475 cost per meg per month) 
Total annual cost 57,148.56 vs 30,000 as ISP = 27,148.56 annual savings 
LSJE WIFI / Tower 
Location of 10 x 10 concrete pad as been marked by Danny and Terrence by Berm 
EFTA01189237
--- PAGE 2 ---
Tower: 
a) Weather Rating - 220 mph winds 
b) Corrosion not an issue since tower will be rust galvanized in hot dip for caribbean 
c) Tapper top with lightening rod and beacon light 
d) Must be painted orange and white every 10' (painting will be approximately 1 foot in width) 
-> mandatory to paint on all towers greater than 40' 
e) Drag wave will be mounted at 30' 
f) Bridges and repeaters mounted at 40' 
g) High power AP's mounted at 47' 
Attached bid of 263,598.45 requires a 50% deposit then 25% upon receipt of equipment and job beginning and 
final 25% upon completion of job 
Bid is broken down as follows: 
Materials 
227,972 
Labor 
28,500 
Shipping & Ground Trans 
7,126 
Terrence states that all equipment is at cost with exception of AP's / Bridges and Repeaters. He marks up these 
items to cover warranty costs. 
Our Cost of these items with 20% markup = 91,296 
Terrence Cost = 76,080 
Profit = 15,216 
Negotiated Price = 257,000 
It has been very tough to verify his costs. Please advise if i should ask him for vendor to verify costs or if not 
done through STC then we purchase materials directly from vendor 
Terrence offers a Limited Warranty on equipment of 1 year and 3 months on his labor. 
He recommends a Maintenance Contract for both the Wifi Equipment and Links (Dragon wave & Red Lines) 
Anything that is wrong with equipment or labor will be replaced at no cost to us 
Each mtc contract includes at least 2 days per month to look after equipment and do preventative maintenance 
Maintenance contract not signed up at time of contract = 1,500 per contract x 2 x 12 months = 36,000 per 
annum 
Maintenance contract at time of contract = 1,200 per contract x 2 x 12 months = 28,800 per annum 
I was able to negotiate his maintenance contract to 850 per contract x 2 x 12 months = 20,400 per annum 
Timing - 9 weeks start to finish for ISP and WIFI / 3 weeks for equipment lead time = 12 weeks = May 26th 
-> Terrence believes that without unforeseen issues job should be completed by May 15th 
ISP as Business 
VINGN currently has 12 HOPS spread across SIT and 22 HOPS across St Croix 
Terrence estimates cost of 150,000 per 12 hops for WIFI = 1,800,000 plus additional 200,000 for core equipment 
Total cost to blanket all of SIT = 2,000,000 
If equipment for all HOPS were purchased at once he would be able to receive a 30% discount which amounts to 
approximately 540,000 
EFTA01189238
--- PAGE 3 ---
Core equipment includes the following: 
Cisco Router 7606, 24 Port Cisco switch with 4 sfp ports, apc backup and inverter, 3 servers (DNS, Mail & 
AAA) & main wifi controller with enterprise software 
Will need an office space to store main junction equipment (generators, backup batteries, cisco switches and air 
conditioning) 
Preferable size of indoor space 10' x 12' or 15' x 15' 
Hop equipment and estimated costs are as follows: 
5,275 Cabinet 
10,000 30 ft tower with braces and grounding / side arms and mounting wings for radio links 
3,500 switch 
15,000 section controller 
30,000 high power AP's with sector antennas 
39,200 Dragon Wave link 
3,490 APC inverter / backup 
2,295 Deep cell backup batteries 
8,000 12k generator with transfer switch 
5,743 PIMP section controller (may need 2 at some locations) - used for business customer who needs SLA and 
or more Megs of service 
3,183 CPE for those customers 
Terrence projects 6,000 and 2 weeks to install each hop which includes labor, cables, brackets, anchors, screws, 
junction boxes and misc 
Each HOP require a concrete pad (1' x 6') 
Follow up 
I) Map out 316 Community Anchor Institutions (CAI) (see attached Excel file) to see if there are specific areas 
to initially target 
2) Statistics on CAI current intemet usage and costs (may have to be telephone solicitation) 
3) Blanket Red Hook as market test 
4) Insurance requirements for our entity 
Per Terrence there are currently 10 ISP's on ST1': 
new signed up via VINGN in addition to the existing 4 (choice, innovative, broadband vi & smart net) 
Current customers of Terrence: 
I) Ritz Carlton 
2) Sugar Bay 
3) Frenchman Cove 
4) Westin 
5) Banco Poplar 
6) Scotia Bank 
7) Botany Bay 
Terrence is very honest and straightforward. His is a Manager at Guardian Insurance and is very weak back 
office is supported by his sister. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York. New York 10022 
tel 
EFTA01189239
--- PAGE 4 ---
feael I I 
I 
EFTA01189240

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189241.pdf
----------------------------------------
Terrence Rabsatt 
T 
Inc. 
SALESPERSON 
JOB 
DATE: 02/26/14 
PAYMENT TERMS 
DUE DATE 
TR 
ISP-STC-LSJ-WIFI 
50/25/25 
QTY 
DESCRIPTION 
Upon Approval 
UNIT PRICE 
LINE TOTAL 
Main Controller- AM, DHCP, Firewall, Bandwidth control, Captive Portal 
$13,400.00 
$13,400.00 
Slave Controller- Talks to main control which will be located on LSJ 
$6,000.00 
$12,000.00 
50FT Rohn Self Supporting Angular Tower, HD Galvanized RSL Class II 
$12,256.00 
$12,256.00 
20Ft Rohn Tower Self Supporting, Rating A 
$3,238.00 
$3,238.00 
High Power AP w/ 30• antenna beam width, RF cables, H-POE supply 
$9,800.00 
$39,200.00 
802.11 a/n Bridge with cables, mounting hardware and H-POE supply 
$2,516.00 
$20,128.00 
802.11 a/b/g/n AP-Repeater-CPE 
$3,996.00 
$31,968.00 
High power edge switch 3 ports premium outdoor rating 
$799.95 
$2,399.85 
Interior AP w/ up link NAT control 
$338.00 
$4,056.00 
Dragonwave 18Ghz Backhaul Link with 4' Antennas, including FCC Charges 
$38,500.00 
$38,500.00 
AWMS Software- Configuration, Performance, Security, RF, CPE management 
$1,176.00 
$1,176.00 
Redline RDL3000 XP- with 2ft Antennas complete link 
$15,000.00 
$30,000.00 
Cisco 3750-X-P 24P Ethernet Switch- 4 SFP ports to connect to ViNGN 
$5,849.00 
$5,849.00 
Outdoor A/C Cabinet w/IP67 weather rating and grounding kit 
$7,057.25 
$7,057.25 
48DC to AC power invertor /48DC APC rack mount UPS 
$3,425.00 
$3,425.00 
Sabre 120VAC obstruction lighting beacon system with plate 
$3,319.35 
$3,319.35 
Installation, Setup, Programming all material to complete the Job 
$28,500.00 
$28,500.00 
SUBTOTAL 
$256,472.45 
SHIPPING AND HANDLING 
$7,126.00 
DEPOSIT NEEDED 
$135,362.23 
Approval 
TOTAL 
$263,598.45 
Please Make all Checks Payable to : 
Terrence Rabsatt 
EFTA01189241

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189242.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: FYI 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 19:37:20 +0000 
Attachments: Eileen.PDF 
From: Richard Joslin [mailto 
Sent: Monday, September 30, 2013 3:23 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Signed offer letter. 
Forwarded message 
From: Joslin, Richard 
Date: Monday, September 30, 2013 
Subject: 
To: " 
<I 
In order to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations governing tax practice (known as "Circular 230,, you are 
hereby advised that any tax advice provided herein was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, 
by any taxpayer for the purpose of (i) avoiding U.S. federal, state or local tax penalties, or (ii) promoting, 
marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
Richard Joslin, CPA 
Rothstein Kass 
Direct Tel: 
C: 
F: 
E-Mail: ■ 
STATEMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY 
The information contained in this electronic message and any 
attachments to this message are intended for the exclusive use of the 
addressee(s) and may contain confidential or privileged information. 
No representation is made on its accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this electronic message. Certain assumptions 
may have been made in the preparation of this material as at this date, 
and are subject to change without notice. If you are not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. 
Please reply to the sender at Rothstein Kass and destroy 
all copies of this message and any attachments from your system. 
EFTA01189242
--- PAGE 2 ---
A Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01189243

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189244.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Melanie Spinella 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Draft of Gift Tax Return 
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2013 21:00:29 +0000 
Attachments: 12Y LB DRAFT GIFT TAX RETURN 2012.pdf 
Inline-Images: primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline24e0.jpg; 2013_ipatop100(2)76e2.jpg; image001.jpg 
From: Thomas Turrin [mailto 
Sent: Friday, September 27, 2013 10:03 AM 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Subject: Draft of Gift Tax Return 
Sensitivity: Confidential 
Melanie, 
As discussed on Wed., attached is a complete copy of Leon's gift tax return. 
The password is the zip code for 760 Park. 
I did not provide a complete copy to Jeffrey on Wed ...Jeffrey has an abbreviated copy 
without all detail. The gift tax return reflects a refund. 
If Leon or Jeffrey have any questions, I am available. 
Best, 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
Email: 
Website: 
EFTA01189244
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER CO. LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLI ACCOUNTANTS i ADVISORS 
INSIDE Accounting
2TOP 
El 0 0 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communicabon, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print, copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained 
in this communication (including any and all attachments). unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA01189245

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189246.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmad.com> 
Cc: Roy Hod 
Subject: 
otograp 
ugust 
, 
Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2013 21:56:58 +0000 
Attachments: Flagpole_plantings_(1).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(2).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(3).JPG; 
Flagpole_plantings_(4).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(5).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(6).JPG; 
Flagpole_plantings_(7).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(8).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(9).JPG; 
Flagpoleplantings_(10).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(11).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(12).JPG; 
Flagpoleplantings_(13).JPG; Flagpole_plantings_(14).JPG; 
Bobcat_V417_Telehandleril).JPG; Bobcat_V417_Telehandler_(2).JPG; 
Bobcat_V417_Telehandler_(3).JPG; Bobcat_V417_Telehandler_accessories_(4).JPG; 
Bobcat_V417_Telehandler_accessories_(5).JPG; 
Bobcat_V417_Telehandler_accessories_(6).JPG; 
Bobcat_V417_Telehandler_accessories_(7).JPG; 
Bobcat_V417_Telehandler_accessories_(8).JPG; ATV_garage_painted.JPG; 
Nanna_decking_(1).JPG; Nanna_decking_(2).JPG; Nanna_decking_(3).JPG; 
Nanna_decking_(4).JPG; Woodshop_tunnel_gates_progress_(1).JPG; 
Woodshop_tunnel_gates_progress_(2).JPG; Woodshop_tunnel_gates_progress_(3).JPG; 
Woodshop_tunnel_gates_progress_(4).JPG 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
August 21 photographs for your review and comments: 
Flagpole plantings 
Bobcat V417 Telehandler and accessories on site 
ATV garage roof painted 
Nanna decking progress 
Woodshop tunnel gates progress 
Respectfully submitted, 
Daphne 
EFTA01189246

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189247.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189247

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189248.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189248

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189249.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189249

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189250.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189250

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189251.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189251

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189252.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189252

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189253.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189253

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189254.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189254

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189255.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189255

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189256.pdf
----------------------------------------
^
EFTA01189256

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189257.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189257

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189258.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189258

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189259.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189259

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189260.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189260

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189261.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
I' 
EFTA01189261

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189262.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189262

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189263.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189263

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189264.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189264

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189265.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189265

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189266.pdf
----------------------------------------
..s 
EFTA01189266

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189267.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189267

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189268.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189268

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189269.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189269

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189270.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189270

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189271.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189271

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189272.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189272

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189273.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189273

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189274.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189274

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189275.pdf
----------------------------------------
"\ 
> 
EFTA01189275

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189276.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189276

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189277.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189277

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189278.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front 
To: jeevacabon@gmail.com 
Subject: Jamaica 
Date: Tue, 04 Mar 2014 00:12:57 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: GottPhDsjpg 
Jeffrey 
Monday March 17 we will be measuring the elite sprinters in Kingston til 
Wednesday, early morning at the National Stadium since they are training 
for international competition this summer, afternoons at U Tech, basically 
a large football field 
staying at the Knutsford Court Hotel with three scientists and two lovely 
German graduate students (see right an center in attached) 
my cell in Jamaica is 
if i don't see you, i will give a full report—a German TV station may send 
down a crew and help support follow-up work on German sprinters which 
would be nice 
BTW here is a piece from Bob Marley that my son found-i love the last 
line-gives us a little dignity 
all best 
bob 
EFTA01189278

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189279.pdf
----------------------------------------
i 
. 
EFTA01189279

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189280.pdf
----------------------------------------
tRui 
l.1 
m r( www.google.com/search?q=jeffrey+epstein&ic-
From big-picture... 
simplehuman I li... 
AncestrybyDNA... 
Michelle Estep in... 
jeffrey epstein... 
,You Search Irracies 
MorE,
Sign in 
4:11 
Go sle 
jeffrey epstein 
Web 
Images 
Maps 
Jeffrey Epstein 
More - 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein VI is an American financier and 
science and education philanthropist. He is responsible for 
founding The Program for Evolutionary Dynamics at 
Harvard University. 
kipt J a 
Born: January 20, 1953 (age 60). Coney Island, New York 
City, NY 
Education: Lafayette High School. Cooper Union 
Jeffrey Epstein - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Epstein 
Jeffrey Edward Epstein VI (born January 20, 1953) is an American financier and science and 
education philanthropist. He is responsible for founding The ... 
Life - Financial career - Science funding - Solicitation of prostitution 
Jeffrey Epstein (EpsteinJeffrey) on Twitter 
https://twitter.com/EpsteinJeffrey 
The latest from Jeffrey Epstein (@EpsteinJeffrey). Disney geek. Pop culture lover. Future ruler 
of the universe. (OK, the last one is stretching it. 
Jeff Epstein profiles I Linkedln 
www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Jeff/Epstein 
View the profiles of professionals named Jeff Epstein on Linkedln. There are 25 professionals 
named Jeff Epstein, who use Linkedln to exchange information, ... 
, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN VI FOUNDATION: Home 
EFTA01189280

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189281.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth ~ffin 
Subject: Re: Insert 
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2013 12:37:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg; image004.jpg 
not exactly , we dpn't want rattles. lets male sure the tables don't rattle either. 
On Fri, Aug 23, 2013 at 8:34 AM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
Like this? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
Cp
• 
international jet 
P
t.3 t", 
EFTA01189281
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [ralitoleeyacationegmail.com]
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2013 6:55 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
I would like thelayout of the credienza so that we can put inserts in the right drawers for pens office supples , 
etc 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Io 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189282

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189283.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2013 13:15:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.PNG 
Just came back on Monday:) I'm sure you recognize this place 
EFTA01189283
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189284

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189285.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2013 15:01:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
Do you want me to line the inserts with cork (for prevent rattling)? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
Ill 
tif 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.corn] 
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2013 6:55 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
I would like thelayout of the credienza so that we can put inserts in the right drawers for pens office supples , 
etc 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Io 
EFTA01189285

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189286.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2013 15:28:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg 
yes please 
On Fri, Aug 23, 2013 at 11:01 AM, Eric Roth < 
> wrote: 
Do you want me to line the inserts with cork (for prevent rattling)? 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
• 
international jet 
L 
E
R
I
O
R
S 
!IQ 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevaationegmail.com
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2013 6:55 AM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
I would like thelayout of the credienza so that we can put inserts in the right drawers for pens office stipples , 
etc 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA01189286
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Io 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189287

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189288.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John Brockman <
INIMI> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: ==.
> 
Subject: Fwd: save the date 
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2013 17:29:24 +0000 
JE, 
In car to airport. ON cell. About to call you. Here's the list to date, and below is the plan. 
JB 
CONFIRMED 
Nicholas Christakis 
Daniel Dennett 
Jennifer Jacquet 
Danny Kahneman 
Joshua Knobe 
Rob Kurzban 
David Pizarro 
Anne Treisman 
John Brockman 
Katinka Matson 
Max Brockman 
REGRETS 
Adam Alter 
Paul Bloom 
Rodney Brooks 
Dan Gilbert 
Jonathan Haidt 
Eldar Safir 
AWAITING RESPONSE 
Mahzarin Banaji 
Rebecca Goldstein 
Joshua Greene 
Joe Henrich 
Joe LeDoux 
Sendhil Mullainathan 
Michael Norton 
Liz Phelps 
Steven Pinker 
Laurie Santos 
Philip Tetlock 
EFTA01189288
--- PAGE 2 ---
Dear xxx„ 
Danny Kahneman and Anne Treisman will be our houseguests at Eastover Farm in Bethlehem, CT the Friday 
September 6- Saturday, Septmeber 7th, and I want to plan something entertaining and interesting. 
I have in mind a rehearsal, or dry run, for a possible annual event which would be a weekend that focuses on 
state of art of what the social sciences have to tell us about human nature in the past year or two. For want of 
something more serious, it's "THE HEAD CONFERENCE" or "HEADCON". We would host a couple of 
dinners Fri and Sat nights, and on Saturday, a day of hanging out at the Farm. During those periods, there would 
be a series of talks by the invited guests. EDGE would pick up hotel room charges and transportation expenses. 
Some background: In 1992, when the physicist George Smoot announced his findings from the COBE satellite 
regarding cosmic background radiation and the beginning of time, I left a message on the voicemail of the late, 
great Sidney Coleman of Harvard : "Sidney, I hear there's something new in the Universe. What is it?. And 
what's in it for me?" The message went viral after Sidney posted it on the electronic bulletin board of the physics 
community. 
My question was inspired by an annual event in Italy for leading physicists where Sidney gave the keynote talk. 
The topic of his lecture was essentially "What's new in the Universe?" Sidney would detail the advances and 
developments in the past year or two across many areas of physics. 
In this case, I would be asking you, and the other guests, to give a half hour talk responding to a similar question: 
"What's new in your field of social science in the last year or two, and why should I care? Why do I want or need 
to know about it and how does it change my view of human nature'? 
I would ask you to focus broadly and address the major developments in your entire field (including but not at all 
limited to your own research agenda). It would have to be new, fresh, and original: an up-to-date field report on 
your area of social science. This talk should be, to the extent possible, conversational, and not a canned Power-
Point or slide-driven conference talk. We would videotape the entire event and present the videos and texts as an 
EDGE Special Event. 
For this dry run, on September 6 & 7, we're focusing on one day, replicating the usual Edge Events at Eastover 
Farm. See:http://www.edge.org/events/eastover-farm-meetings 
To date, the following are confirmed. Awaiting word from a number of others: 
Nicholas Christakis 
http://edge.org/memberbio/nicholas_a_christakis 
Daniel Dennett 
http://www.edge.org/memberbio/daniel_c_dennett 
Jennifer Jacquet 
http://www.edge.org/memberbio/jennifer_jacquet 
Danny Kahneman 
http://www.edge.org/memberbio/daniel_kahneman 
Joshua Knobe 
http://www.edge.org/memberbio/joshua_knobe 
Rob Kurzban 
http://www.edge.org/memberbio/rob_kurzban 
David Pizarro 
http://www.edge.org/memberbio/david_pizarro 
Anne Treisman 
http://www.edge.org/memberbio/anne_treisman 
EFTA01189289
--- PAGE 3 ---
FRIDAY 
4:00-5:00pm arrive at Eastover Farm 
6:30pm Dinner at Woodward House (2 miles away) 
SATURDAY 
Talks - Lunch - and hanging out at farm 
5:30 ends. 
6:00 Early casual dinner at Good Enough to Eat, a restaurant on way to the highway. People can get back to 
Boston or NY by 10pm. 
Please advise if you can attend. EDGE will pick up your transportation costs and room charges at a nearby hotel 
for Friday night. 
Best, 
JB 
John Brockman 
Mobile 
President 
Ed e Foundation, Inc. tel: 
fax: 
Visit EDGE at: http://www.edge.org 
EFTA01189290

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189291.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth < 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeevacation@ginail.com> 
Cc: 'Larry Visoski' < 
Subject: Carpet Debacle 
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2013 17:57:44 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
Inline-Images: hnage007.jpg; image008.jpg; image009.jpg 
Jeffrey-
With regard to the seat base and air duct carpet, here is what our choices are-
1. The attached photo shows the yam that they can get expedited at the dye house. They said it is the same hue and 
about 2 shades darker than the floor carpet from ABC. 
2. They can custom due new yam to closely match the ABC carpet, but it will not be ready to ship until the 10th/11th. 
We can do this if you want, but we will have to remove and reinstall the seats after the test flight. 
Your thoughts?.... 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
cD
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
EFTA01189291

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189292.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189292

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189293.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 26 Aug 2015 12:17:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagel .JPG 
Rich asked me confirm the wire...not sure what to tell him. Did he misunderstand 14 vs 40 ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
••••• vodafone IT 3G 
1:59 PM 
* 93% 
Personal Checking (... 
LOG OFF 
Aug 25, 2015 
• • • 
$14,000.00 
EFTA01189293

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189294.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Letters of Recommendation 
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2013 20:19:00 +0000 
Attachments: Tyra_Banks_Referral.pdf; Barteluce_Letter.pdf; cristofaroLTR.pdf; 
JLS_EVOKE_Reference_Ltr.pdf 
Inline-Images: Rep_Frank_Ltr_Rec.jpg 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Globalestatemgt < 
Date: August 23, 2013, 12:29:58 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Letters of Recommendation 
Dear Mr. Kahn, 
I want to thank you very much for the extended time you provided this morning. I truly appreciate it. 
I have attached my letters of reference from Tyra, Hon. Rep Barney Frank,  and architects. 
About 4pm, I will touch base with you on your cell phone. 
If you have any questions or would like me to come by again, I am available. 
All the best, 
Ron 
"Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become 
your character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny." — Frank Outlaw 
EFTA01189294
--- PAGE 2 ---
BARNEY FRANK 
4Th OISTRE1, MASSACHUSETTS 
2210 RAYOURN 13tmoinso 
WASHINGTON, DC 20515-2101 
12071225-6031 
CRAFTS STREET 
Su E 375 
NZWTON. MA 0245/3 
4617) 332-3920 
Congress of tly aniteb *rates-
1.1,0u5e of .lepresentatities 
Masbington, 
July 16, 1999 
Leslie H. Gelb 
President 
Council on Forei 
Relations 
Dear Les, 
Ha .1.11$4S- S 
RTC./ 109 
9'31-3‘82 
&; 
•: 
This is a letter of recommendation. I have gotten very well acquainted with a man named Ronald 
Rodgers, who has applied for the position of Associate Director of Development at the Council. 
I met him through political work -- not my campaign, since, mercifully, I don't have to have those 
any more. Mr. Rodgers recently relocated to Washington from an administrative position at the 
University of Miami, which, most relevantly, included significant fundraisingg. We have talked at 
length on several occasions, and I am extremely impressed with his thoughtfulness, energy, 
intelligence and grasp of organizational principles. 
Most important for this position, he makes an extremely good impression on people, and clearly 
seems to me to have the ability to be persistent without being annoying. He has worked 
substantively in international affairs, and has a very good understanding of foreign policy, which is 
of course also important for someone who would be representing the Council. 
I believe strongly based on my conversations with him that he would be a great asset to the 
Council on Foreign Relations and I in fact volunteered to recommend him when I learned from 
him that he was in a transitional situation. If you or anyone else has any further questions about 
my evaluation of Mr. Rodgers, I would be glad to respond. 
BARNEY FRANK 
Nis STATIONERY MIMEO OM PAPER MADE Of RECYCLED AMES 
V 4,
EFTA01189295
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189296

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189297.pdf
----------------------------------------
J 
5011 
Evok3 
March 2013 
To Whom It May Concern: 
mwd.evoke.com.mx 
www.johnsonbghtstudio.com 
For more than twelve years I have known Mr. Ron Rodgers in both a professional and social 
capacity. Over this time, I have had the pleasure and opportunity to get to know him on many 
levels as trusted and knowledgeable estate manager and friend. 
As an international lighting designer of luxury projects, I have met and worked with scores of 
owner's representatives and project managers. Having worked with Ron, he has shown himself 
to be diligent, thorough, concise and attentive to his clients' needs. His ability to work with 
various design professionals and convey concepts with tact and diplomacy enabled a fluid and 
comfortable process... a trait not often seen in our industry. I can say having Ron on a project 
was always an asset. He consistently educates himself on trends and furthers his knowledge 
through insightful questioning of other professionals or additional certified course work. Ron is 
astute and manages schedules and budgets extremely well. He is top-notch when it comes to 
caring for the interests of high net worth clients and managing their luxury properties. 
Socially, Ron has a wonderful manner and good sense of humor. He approaches life with the 
right balance of joy and care. He is thoughtful, considerate and someone I can rely upon. Ron 
has traveled and lived throughout the world and brings this sophistication and experience to his 
every day life. His own homes are a reflection of his dedication to style, form and function with 
always the best of hospitality. 
Ron possesses many qualities and qmpfica,tipDA,,whict,i provide any project or client with lone of 
the most well-rounded team members. I look forward to working with him again if the opportunity 
arises. Or just share a fantastic meal and wonderful company. 
Sincerely yours, 
Clark Johnson 
Johnson Light Studio has the reputation as one of the country's leading lighting design firms is 
rooted in a viewpoint that combines artistic integrity with function. Founded more than 30 years 
ago, it is now one of the most highly regarded lighting design firms in the in the industry and 
world for it the quality of its innovative work in a wide range of projects: intimate boutique hotels, 
to large scale retail establishments, public entertainment complexes, corporate campuses and 
luxury private residences. 
EFTA01189297

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189298.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lany Visoski cla> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com, 
Cc: 
Subject: Carpet 
Date: Sat, 24 Aug 2013 11:15:58 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Jeffrey 
Eric's photo does not show true color, does this photo help? 
I have carpet sample in st thomas hanger, I'll have Roy send person to bring sample to you. 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA01189298

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189299.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Melanie Spinella
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 24 Aug 2013 11:38:40 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18bejpg 
Lawyers working on plane restructure...I spoke with Michael Mandel and Pat Fenn...I will call them Monday for 
update. Pat Fenn and I are of the opinion that the plane becomes a business for depreciation and excise tax 
purposes once aircraft is qualified as Part 135..which I was told should be in Sept. 
Tax returns are in progress....Eileen has our lists of K-Is that we need...many of which are issued about now...we 
are working on the returns as information is submitted. 
Insurance trust redo ...I will call Eileen on Mon...need to get counsel involved...Carlyn had been involved 
(unwinding split dollar arrangement) but was sidetracked. 
Sent from my Verizon Wimless 4G LTE DROID 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
still waitng on the draft tax returns? airplane structure, ? insurance trust re do. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
RAICH CIS 
ENDE 
) 
WALTER co. LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS 
Public 
Accounting 
caTOP 
0 0 
•FIRMS 
g• PrimeGlobal 
lip /Um:lotion of 
Edependpnt Accounting Firms 
EFTA01189299
--- PAGE 2 ---
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andfor use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01189300

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189301.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Photo 1 
Date: Sat, 24 Aug 2013 18:49:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
EFTA01189301

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189302.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: LinkedIn Connections <connections@linkedin.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: See Chet's connections, experience, and more... 
Date: Sat, 24 Aug 2013 21:13:34 +0000 
LinkedIn 
Jeffrey, Chet has accepted your invitation. 
Chet Lipton 
Partner at Cooley Godward Kronish LLP 
Greater New York City Area I Law Practice Industry 
View Chet's Profile 
Send a Message 
CHET'S CONNECTIONS ( 143 ) 
Carl Grant, Carl N. Grant III. EVP. Business Development, Cooley LLP 
Connect r 
See All * 
Mike Lincoln, Partner, Cooley Godward LLP: Adjunct Professor, University of Virginia 
School of Law 
Connect r 
Mike Platt, Partner at Cooley Godward LLP 
Connect r 
Jonathan Botwinick, Attorney at Gerschel and Company, Inc. 
Connect r 
CHET'S GROUPS (1) 
vrN 
NYVCA - New York Venture Capital Association 
YVC 
Join I 
COMPANIES IN CHET'S NETWORK 
RC 
oole 
RIC 
ogni 
Pike 
tna 
Cooley LLP 
Follow Company 
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Follow Company 
Aetna 
Follow Company 
EFTA01189302
--- PAGE 2 ---
;;',E 
EY 
Follow Company 
This is an occasional email to help you get the most out of Linkedln Unsubscribe.
This email was intended for Jeffrey Epstein. Learn why we included this 
Stierlin Ct. Mountain View. CA 94043. USA 
EFTA01189303

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189304.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: All gone 
Date: Mon, 02 Sep 2013 16:04:53 +0000 
Attachments: WP 20130814_002jpg 
All these drains are out now 
EFTA01189304

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189305.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189305

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189306.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Bruce Galloway 
Date: Tue, 04 Mar 2014 12:36:44 +0000 
Inline-Images: tmobilespace.gif; tmobilespace(1).gif; tmobilespace(2).gif; dottedline600.gif; 
tmobilespace(3).gif; dottedline350.gif; tmobilespace(4).gif; tmobilelogo.gif; 
tmobilespace(5).gif 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: March 3, 2014, 11:18:18 PM EST 
To: 
Happy to say that we were + again for Feb. +5.1 
percent. Which bring the performance from Jan 2013-
FEb 2014 to +99 percent. With the market getting 
killed today we are + today , big push in alt energy. 
Regards. Bruce. 
T • -Mobile-
This massage was sent to ycu by a T.IvIabile wireless phone. 
EFTA01189306

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189307.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John Brockman <
IMMI> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: when do you arrive? 
Date: Mon, 02 Sep 2013 20:47:30 +0000 
Are you coming for the Friday dinner?? We're convening around 5pm at farm for cocktails, then dinner 6:30-7 (2 
miles away at a restaurant). Please advise as I need to let the restaurant know the head count. 
Thnks, JB 
EFTA01189307

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189308.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 02 Sep 2013 22:55:31 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: wlEmoticon-smile[1].png 
Thanks for the link.. It's very interesting. And true... 
I was happy all summer long from everyday I experienced. I was making changes for the better everyday.. But or 
some reason I have a feeling that my life has stopped this week. I've to figure out something again 
See u soonl II 
From: Jeffreapstein 
Sent: Monda 
tember 02, 2013 3:04 PM 
To: 
http://bigthink com big-think-tv/you-need-happiness-to-make-money
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189308

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189309.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189309

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189310.pdf
----------------------------------------
WEST PALM REACH OFF1Ca• 
2139 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD. 
WEST PAUL BEACH. FLORIDA 33409 
I
80% 3826 
ST PAW BEACH. FLORIDA 33402 
(541) 686-6300 
1410046041107 
1400-220-704)6 Spanish 
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. 
ROSALYN StA BAKER -DARKS 
'F. GREGORY BARNHART 
T. HARDEE EASE 
{MAE J.EIRMS 
'RINI R. DEPMET 
EMMA S. MAW! 
MARIANO GARCIA 
ale 
K CRISTAPION. JK 
MAIN RP HAMELD 
MALI S. MOD. 
JACK P. MI 
KELLY /OWN 
OAVID K. EUEV. JR. 
CAMERON M. NEMEOV 
WILLIAM &MG' 
DAINITt L. Lan' 
'WILLIAM A. WIRER( 
PA:MICK E OWAANI 
EDWARD V RICO 
'JOHN SCAROLA 
MATINEW K SCHVISICKE 
'CHRISTIAN D. MACE 
'JOAN♦ SINPLEY RI 
tl60STOPIER IL SPEED *
BRIM P. 9A1JVAN 
KAREN ETERS),
0.3tOAD J 'Wier 
Y. cum timaitmet 
DE 
,6 
'EARL Leeman' 
SMAREDLOEJIS 
*BOARD CERTIFIED 
PaK
r9EQ, 
'MAINE 
'MARTIANS 
PAASSAPOSETTS 
LESSISEIPPI 
new ItkiNSIRIE 
'Mari JERSEY 
F ARENA 
• WASHWITCH DC 
PAN.LEGALS 
VIVIAN ATWTUIDA 
PANIng COMESNE 
LWOW OILIACRE 
JOHN C. HOPKINS 
DEBORAH IA KNAPP 
VINCENT L LEMMA it 
JAWS PETER LOVE 
AMER! W. PRI>ER 
PsaLOPERHACS 
KM% FEN WOO 
STEVE IA. SINN 
BOWIE S. STARK 
WALTER A. STEN 
SEARCY 
DENNEY 
SCAROLA 
BARNHART 
SHIPLEYA 
September 16, 2013 
The Honorable David F. Crow 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
205 N Dixie Highway, Room 9.1215 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Oursermaara_onace 
THE TOVAX HOUSE 
517 NORTH CALHOUN STREET 
upy,spanss.  FL 323014231 
Re: 
EDWARDS ADV. EPSTEIN 
HEARING: 9/16/13 3:30 P.M. (Today) 
Case No. 502009CA040800XXXXMBAG 
Our File No.: 291874 
Dear Judge Crow: 
Enclosed please find a Supplemental Memorandum in Support of Bradley Edwards' 
Motion to Determine Entitlement to Adverse Inference and Precluding Epstein From 
Offering Evidence at Trial. This matter is presently scheduled for hearing before Your 
Honor today at 3:30 p.m. 
cc: 
All counsel 
Enc. 
K SCAROLA 
mep 
Enc. 
(350) 224-7600 
1465449-7011 
sas013sSals 
EFTA01189310

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189311.pdf
----------------------------------------
EDWARD JAY EPSTEIN 
JFK ASSASSINATION 
DIARY 
I 
PRO 
'yr 
Author of Inquest 
%IN
EFTA01189311

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189312.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel <
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: <no subject> 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 01:58:28 +0000 
Attachments: fat_women_in_bikinis.jpg 
EFTA01189312

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189313.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189313

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189314.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein lecracation@gmailzom> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 03:26:32 +0000 
[Wine-Images: photo_LJPG; photo_2JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo_4JPG; photo_S.JPG 
Some photos from a friend in audience 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Lindsey <=II=I
> 
Date: 
tember 18, 2013, 8:11:10 PM MDT 
To: 
<a 
EFTA01189314
--- PAGE 2 ---
-
r
-
-
-
-
-
r
-
'
-
-
'4 
EFTA01189315
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189316
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01189317
--- PAGE 5 ---
Make it amazing 
Lindsey 
EFTA01189318

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189319.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: pits 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 03:30:34 +MOO 
Wine-Images: photo_1.1PG; photo_2JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo_4.1PG; photo_SJPG 
13egin forwarded message: 
From: Lindsey <=I=I
> 
Date: 
tember 18, 2013, 8:10:21 PM MDT 
To: 
<a 
Subject: pies 
EFTA01189319
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189320
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189321
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01189322
--- PAGE 5 ---
Make it amazing 
Lindsey 
EFTA01189323

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189324.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Meme chose 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 14:59:35 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
windows paris 
Forwarded me 
From: Valdsoncotrin 
Date: Thu, Sep 12, 2013 at 11:26 AM 
• 
Solia
To:
Envoy de mon iPad 
EFTA01189324

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189325.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189325

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189326.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Photo de echaffaudage pour le travaux exterieur 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 14:59:56 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
Forwarded message 
From: Valdsoncotrin  
Date: Thu, Sep 12, 2013 at 11:25 AM 
Subject: Photo de echaffaudage pour le travaux exterieur 
To: 
Envoye de mon iPad 
EFTA01189326

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189327.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189327

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189328.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Karin Shuliak
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 16:17:48 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_1(2).JPG 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189328

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189329.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 16:19:35 +0000 
Attachments: UZQN9ybHt0o.jpg 
Her antiquity in preceding and surviving succeeding tellurian generations: her nocturnal predominance: her satellitic 
dependence: her luminary reflection: her constancy under all her phases, rising and setting by her appointed times, 
waxing and waning: the forced invariability of her aspect: her indeterminate response to inaffirmative interrogation: 
her potency over effluent and refluent waters: her power to enamour, to mortify, to invest with beauty, to render 
insane, to incite to and aid delinquency: the tranquil inscrutability of her visage: the terribility of her isolated 
dominant resplendent propinquity: her omens of tempest and of calm: the stimulation of her light, her motion and 
her presence: the admonition of her craters, her arid seas, her silence: her splendour, when visible: her attraction, 
when invisible. 
a moon. the one. Starring - my bald head tho :) 
big kiss 
Kind r
rds 
EFTA01189329

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189330.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189330

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189331.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Barry Josephson 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Letter to Mr. Epstein 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 17:55:29 +0000 
Inline-Images: image[42].jpg; image002.jpg; image001.png; image[40].jpg 
Crazy...not true. Ive chased after her. She finally called last night at 6pm and I was at a TVGUIDE dinner. I emailed her first thing 
this morning that I'm free all day to see her at the office, or anywhere she wants. She just emailed me back that she'll be calling 
me shortly. 
Barry Josephson 
Josephson Entertainment 
1201 W. 5th St. 
Suite 1-210 
Los Angeles, CA 90017 
(o): (213) 534-3995 
From: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Thursday, September 19, 2013 10:52 AM 
To: Barry Josephson < 
Subject: Re: FW: Letter to Mr. Epstein 
polina tells me you have not returned her calls or email s ????????? 
On Thu, Sep 19, 2013 at 1:51 PM, Barry Josephson < 
wrote: 
Jeff, 
Attached is the letter you requested. Please let me know if you need more detail, or want to discuss at any time. 
Thank you VERY much for the consideration! 
Best, 
Barryl 
Barry Josephson 
Josephson Entertainment 
1201 W. 5th St. 
Suite T-210 
Los Angeles, CA 90017 
EFTA01189331
--- PAGE 2 ---
(0): f213 S34-3995 
rThiSO\ 
t a i n m e n t 
From: <Chen>, Amy Chen <aychen@cbiz.com>
Date: Thursday, September 19, 2013 10:47 AM 
To: Barry Josephson <I 
Subject: Letter to Mr. Epstein 
Best Regards, 
Amy Y. Chen I Senior Manager 
CBIZ MHM, LLC 
Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C., 
An Independent CPA Firm 
10474 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 200 
Los Angeles, CA 90025 
Illionnect with me on linkedIn 
www.cbiz.comandwww.mhm-pc.com 
it 
Visit our new website! 
The information in this e-mail message may be privileged, confidential, and protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended 
recipient, any dissemination, distribution or copying is strictly prohibited. If you think that you have received this e-mail message in 
error, please e-mail the sender and delete all copies. Thank you. 
As required by new U.S. Treasury rules, we inform you that, unless expressly stated otherwise, any U.S. federal tax advice 
contained in this email, including attachments, is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person for the 
purpose of avoiding any penalties that may be imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. 
Communications that may be included in this email regarding attest services have been provided by Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C., 
An Independent CPA Firm. All other communications in this email have been provided through CBIZ MHM, LLC which is not a 
licensed CPA firm. 
EFTA01189332
--- PAGE 3 ---
***** 
****************** ****************** 
****************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189333

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189334.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Barry Josephson 
To: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: :) 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 17:56:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: image[43].jpg 
Her response to me 10 minutes ago 
Barry Josephson 
Josephson Entertainment 
From: 
Date: Thursday, September 19, 2013 10:46 AM 
To: Barry Josephson < 
Subject: Re: :) 
SON 
en
t e r ta
i nmen
t 
> 
Ok, I will:) thank you 
EFTA01189334

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189335.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Barry Josephson 
To: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: :) 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 17:57:59 +0000 
!Mine-Images: image[44].jpg 
Jeffery, 
Please read this string and you'll see I've been after her to meet. :) 
Best, 
Barry J 
Barry Josephson 
Jose hson Entertainment 
(o): 
From: 
Date: Wednesday, September 18, 2013 7:21 PM 
To: Barry Josephson < 
Subject: Re: :) 
C 
fl 
t 
C 
-r1 
C
I 
Hi, Barry. I tried to call you today around 6pm, but you didn't pick up the phone. 
Please let me know if there any chance to meet you tomorrow or day after tomorrow? 
What works best for you? 
Please let me know:) 
Have a wonderful evening:) 
:) 
2013/9/18 Barry Josephson 
All good :) 
Best, 
EFTA01189335
--- PAGE 2 ---
Barryl 
Message & typos sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 18, 2013, at 9:32 AM, ' 
Thank you Barry, I know it.. and I already really really appreciate it:) 
I'll call you later, ok? :) 
2013/9/18 Barry Josephson 
All good, just wanted you to know I'm here :) good luck organizing today! 
Best, 
Barry J 
Message & typos sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On Sep 18, 2013, at 8:51 AM, " 
wrote: 
> Hi, Barry:) How are you? 
> I'm sorry I know I didn't call you yet, because yesterday I tried to figured out everything considering my agency, 
apartment, car, etc. 
> And still I didn't:( 
> I'll call you today later for sure:) 
> Have a great morning:) 
EFTA01189336

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189337.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Eric Roth 
'Jeffrey Epstein' <jeeyacation@gmail.com>
'Larry Visoski' 
Exterior Photo's of N212JE 
Thu, 19 Sep 2013 19:24:52 +0000 
N212JE_test 9.19.13_(9).jpg; N212JE test_9.19.13_(1).jpg; N212JE test 9.19.13_04).jpg; 
N212JE_test- 9.19.13_00).jpg; N212Jf test 9.19.13_(3).jpg; N212JE_test_9.19.13_(5).jpg; 
N212JE_test-2.19.13_(7).jpg; N212JESst j.19.13_(8).jpg 
image007.jpg; image008.jpg; image009.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
It was great seeing you so happy today! 
The aircraft looks gorgeous and we have a consolidated squawk list that we will work through (no show stoppers).
Attached are some really cool photo's we took that I believe you will really like. 
Have a great afternoon. 
Eric 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
i
T
E
R
I
OR
S 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
EFTA01189337

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189338.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189338

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189339.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189339

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189340.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189340

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189341.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01189341

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189342.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189342

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189343.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189343

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189344.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189344

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189345.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189345

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189346.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation4gmail.com> 
Subject: Avioneta Holdings, LLC 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 20:09:13 +0000 
Attachments: Copy_of Proforma_Tax_Treatment_(2)09-19- 3.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.gif; rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823.jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18be.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
I revised the amount of Leon's "private use income" in the attached tax 
treatment schedule. Using the flight hours for 2012, I calculated the average per-hour 
rate (dom/int'l) to be $9,110. I applied that hourly rate to the personal-use hours 
for 2012 (137.7). Business hours (per Apollo payment statements) were assumed 
the same. 
Michael Volpe of Jet Aviation confirmed that the reported hours and mileage shown on their 
monthly statements is all-inclusive. 
The total amount paid by Leon to the LLC above the computed flight revenue was considered 
capital contribution. The portion of the capital contribution related to operating, managing and 
maintaining the aircraft is shown at the bottom of the schedule. Until May 2013, 
amounts paid by the owner for management, maintenance, pilot costs (etc) to management 
company were considered to be taxable for excise tax by IRS — this has been suspended (see below). 
The excise tax computed is based on business flights - assuming all domestic flights. 
However, international flights (over 200 miles from US border) are not subject to excise tax. 
Since much of the flight time is international, the excise tax could be significantly less. 
I'm available to discuss. 
Tom 
From NBAA.... 
On May 16, 2013, the IRS informally announced that it will suspend the assessment of Federal Transportation Excise Tax 
(FET) on owner flights on aircraft managed by aircraft management companies. In a new article, NBAA Tax Committee 
Member John Hoover reviews the implications of this suspension on assessments, summarizes meetings and efforts by 
NBAA leading up to this suspension on assessments, and discusses expected future guidance from the IRS on this issue 
IRS Suspends Federal Excise Tax Assessments on Aircraft Management Company Fees 
Gary I. Horowitz 
May 21, 2013 I Airworthy Alert 
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is suspending Federal Excise Tax (FET) assessments of aircraft management companies 
under audit, while the IRS develops guidance on FET specific issues affecting private aircraft operations. 
The Tax Code imposes a 7.5% FET on the amount paid for domestic air transportation services provided by aircraft charter 
operators and commercial airlines. FET can also be imposed by the IRS on non-commercial flight operations. Over the last 
several years, the IRS has aggressively audited aircraft management companies, and has claimed that the aircraft 
EFTA01189346
--- PAGE 2 ---
management fees paid by an owner to its aircraft management company are subject to FET, even when the aircraft is 
operated by the owner under FAR Part 91. 
In a 2012 Chief Counsel Advice memorandum, an aircraft owner hired a management company to oversee aircraft operations, 
paid the management company a monthly management fee and reimbursed pilot employment and training costs. The IRS 
determined that the management company provided taxable transportation to the aircraft's owner and that FET was due on 
the monthly management fees and pilot reimbursements. However, this new IRS position is inconsistent with prior guidance 
and creates confusion. 
In response, representatives of the National Business Aviation Association (NBAA) and National Air Transportation Association 
(NATA) met with IRS officials to request clear guidance on FET as applied to aircraft operated privately by owners using 
aircraft management company services. 
In consideration for the concerns of NBAA and NATA, the IRS will suspend FET assessments on current audits until the IRS 
develops formal guidance and audit standards for both future FET liability and past activity. IRS guidance is expected to be 
provided within several months. 
In light of the IRS's FET activity, private aircraft owners using aircraft management company services should review their 
arrangements to clearly establish that, for FET purposes, the aircraft owner has possession, command and control over its 
aircraft and the management company is merely acting as the owner's agent. 
For more information, please contact Gary I. Horowitz at 
or 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
Email: 
Website: 
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER CO. LLP 
CERTIFIED PUBU ACCOUNTANTS 
ADVISORS 
DE- Accounting
PTOP 
El 0 0 
•FIRMS 
C-- PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential. intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s). you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
EFTA01189347
--- PAGE 3 ---
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01189348

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189349.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Rot 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' < eevacation « rnail.com> 
Cc: 'Larry Visoski' 
Subject: Drawer Inserts 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 21:08:49 +0000 
Attachments: N783MBJ31).jpg 
Inline-Images: unage001.jpg; image002.jpg; bnage003.jpg 
Jefrey, 
Larry was inquiring about drawer inserts. 
Please let me know when you get the dishes. We need four (4) of each piece to lay out the galley. 
Attached is a sample. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
EFTA01189349

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189350.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189350

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189351.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: RBDV DECO SIDEBORD 
Date: Tue, 04 Mar 2014 15:44:07 +0000 
Attachments: BDV Decoration 22845 Saint Thomasisland_cotation maritime du 04 03 2013.pdf 
Shipment options 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:
Date: March 4, 2014 at 10:39:14 AM EST 
To: " 
" < 
Subject: Re: RBDV DECO SIDEBORD 
> 
Dear 
I have received your transfer thank you very much. 
For transport I have two quotes: 
ARTEXPORT FRANCE 
Antiques Trading / Packing / Shipping 
www.artexport.fr 
Tel & Fax : + 
MARITIME: 
Removal in Paris 
wooden packing box 
destination port of Le Havre France 
MIAMI transit 
St Thomas harbor 
time: 4 weeks 
Price € 1900 + VAT € 200 insurance 
BY PLANE 
same service 
€ 3,000 + € 200 insurance 
time 1 week 
2ND CIE CADOGANE TATE 
INCLUDED PDF 
small probleme not assurance ??? 
it does not metrized transhipment MIAMI 
to transport you pay the carrier directly 
Please inform me. 
Best regards 
Rodolphe / Frederic + 
EFTA01189351
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Sent: Monda March 3 2014 10:46 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: RBDV DECO SIDEBORD 
Hi Frederic, 
Have you got the shipment prices? My boss would like to proceed as soon as possible. Thank you 
On Friday, February 28, 2014, a 
wrote: 
Dear 
Thank you for your transfer I inform you upon receipt. 
I contacted two carriers for the best quality and best price. 
I inform you that I have quotes 
Good weekend 
Best regards 
Rodolphe 
From: 
Sent: Friday, February 28, 2014 1:13 PM 
To: javascript: e(0/07B0/07D/cvmli,
Subject: Re: RBDV DECO SIDEBORD 
); 
Hi Frederic, 
We wired the money yesterday. Please let me now about the shipment to st Thomas. Thx 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 27, 2014, at 6:55 AM, < 
wrote: 
Dear, 
Proforma N) 17 
Best regards 
Rodolphe 
From: 
Sent: Wednesda Februa 
2014 5:38 PM 
To: mailto: 
Subject: Re: RBDV DECO SIDEBORD 
My boss returns the compliment. Please and me the invoice in a separate email. Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 26, 2014, at 12:23 PM, <-> 
wrote: 
Dear 
Your boss is terrible in bisness! 
As we have already done business before. 
I confirm the price of € 10,000. 
Sends you an invoice and bank reference. 
Thank you for your confidence. 
I remain at your disposal. 
Best regards 
EFTA01189352
--- PAGE 3 ---
Rodolphe / Frederic + 
From: 
Sent: Wednesda Februa 
2014 2:59 PM 
To: mailto: 
Subject: Re: Test 
My boss is offering 10 000 thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 26, 2014, at 8:27 AM, < 
Dear, 
The price gallery : 14000€ 
Price export : 12 000€ 
For a loyal customer price : 11 000€ 
Please inform me. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> wrote: 
EFTA01189353

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189354.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: JE Jail <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2013 23:27:26 +0000 
Attachments: N212JE_ test_ 9.19.13_(9).jpg 
That's funny you use my birthday as the tail number ;) 
EFTA01189354

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189355.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Barry Josephson 
To: Jeff Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 20 Sep 2013 00:35:58 +0000 
Inline-Images: image[75].jpg 
OMG...gorgeousl Man can you pick'm. 
We met, she certainly has me as a friend she can count on in this tucked up city. I'll work on getting her an an agent starting 
next week. She knows she can call, email, or text me at anytime for assistance. I'll continue to check in with her... 
Barry Josephson 
Josephson Entertainment 
76171180 
c
t 
c 
i
. 
EFTA01189355

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189356.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Barry Josephson <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 20 Sep 2013 03:18:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: image[75].jpg 
her message earlier today He texted me yesterday that he is here, and I promised to call him ... so I called him 
yesterday, but he didn't answer, I left a voice msg and I wrote him an e-mail asking if he can meet me today or 
tmrw.. But he didn't reply yet.. He is probably busy. And honestly I don't want to annoyed him.. But I'll call him 
today again if he won't reply before that. 
On Thu, Sep 19, 2013 at 8:35 PM, Bany Josephson <I 
 wrote: 
OMG...gorgeousl Man can you pick'm. 
We met, she certainly has me as a friend she can count on in this fucked up city. 
work on getting her an an agent starting 
next week. She knows she can call, email, or text me at anytime for assistance. I'll continue to check in with her... 
Barry Josephson 
Jose hson Entertainment 
"DIE 
e
t
e r
t
a
i nmen
t 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA01189356
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189357

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189358.pdf
----------------------------------------
Executive Summary: What Makes Bard College Distinctive 
Leon Botstein 
Building on its 150-year history as a small independent liberal arts undergraduate institution, during 
the past four decades Bard College has transformed its scope and mission. As of 2014, more than 
1,900 undergraduates study in Annandale; more than 1,500 students study in dual-degree programs 
on our international campuses in Russia, Kyrgyzstan, Germany, and the West Bank; 600 graduate 
students study in small distinctive MA and Ph.D. programs; and more than 1,200 students are 
enrolled in Bard's high school early colleges. Bard has developed a unique global network of 
university collaboration. It has pioneered in the role of the arts in the university and in society. 
Bard College has defined a role for colleges and universities at the intersection of education and civil 
society. Bard reflects a commitment to innovation and a fundamental belief that private colleges and 
universities can and should operate in the public interest in a manner that brings renewed significance 
to the intellectual, artistic, and curricular traditions of the university. 
The following programs distinguish Bard: 
1) Bard High School Early Colleges (BHSEC): Enabling Students to Reach Their Full 
Intellectual Potential. Bard College entered the field of the articulation between secondary 
schooling and higher education in 1979, when Simon's Rock, the first residential early college, 
became part of Bard. In 2001, the New York City Department of Education invited Bard to open the 
first high school early college in lower Manhattan as a public, not a charter, school. BHSEC 
expanded in 2008 to include a second campus in Queens. In 2008, a similar program was established: 
the Bard Early College in New Orleans Program offers one year of college coursework. And, in 
2011, a full four-year BHSEC opened in Newark, New Jersey. In 2013, Bard launched an early 
college program at the Harlem Children's Zone in New York City. The BHSECs provide a unique 
educational opportunity: students begin the four-year BHSEC program as ninth graders and take two 
years of an innovative high school curriculum designed to prepare them for the rigors of the college 
program. In their junior and senior years of high school, students enter into Year 1 and Year 2, 
respectively, of the early college program. At the end of the 12th grade, students graduate with both a 
public high school diploma and an AA degree from Bard, having earned 60 tuition-free college 
credits. Bard awards more than $10 million a year in college credits to BHSEC students at no cost to 
them. The BHSEC program is a model for transforming secondary school education, one that 
consistently eliminates the expectations and preparation gaps between high school and college, 
particularly for underserved populations. The BHSECs have a higher than 98 percent high school 
graduation rate. Nearly 94 percent of graduates complete a BA (nearly 40 percent higher than the 
national average), and, according to the National Student Clearinghouse, 35 percent of BHSEC 
graduates (Classes of 2005-2011) have earned a bachelor's degree in a STEM field. Bard anticipates 
opening BHSEC programs during the next three years in Cleveland, Baltimore, Washington, D.C., 
and Los Angeles. 
2) Bard's International Dual-Degree Programs and International Education: Advancing the 
Theory and Practice of International Liberal Arts Education. Bard's long-term international 
partnerships are characterized by the exchange of students, faculty, and curriculum—culminating in 
dual-degree and dual-credit programs. Bard has programs in Russia, Kyrgyzstan, the West Bank, and 
Germany. Smolny College, a 17-year-old collaboration between Bard and St. Petersburg State 
EFTA01189358
--- PAGE 2 ---
University, is one the longest running dual-degree programs between an American and a Russian 
institution of higher education. Smolny has become Russia's first Faculty of Liberal Arts and 
Sciences, and is recognized widely as a model of a new approach to education in the Russian 
Federation. The Al Quds—Bard Partnership is the largest Palestinian-American program in higher 
education and the only American dual-degree program on the West Bank. Bard has an honors college 
at Al-Quds and the dual-degree Master of Arts in Teaching Program (MAT) trains in-service teachers 
and is the largest graduate program on the West Bank. Bard College Berlin is a liberal arts university 
offering a core, interdisciplinary undergraduate curriculum primarily for non-North American 
students. It began as the European College of the Liberal Arts. Students come to Berlin from nearly 
countries in order to study with an international faculty. In Bishkek, capital of the Kyrgyz 
Republic, a dual-degree program between Bard and the American University of Central Asia offers a 
multidisciplinary, international learning community that aims to develop leaders for the democratic 
transformation of Central Asia. 
3) The Bard Prison Initiative (BPI): Creating the Opportunity for Incarcerated Men and 
Women to Earn a Bard College Degree. The largest program of its kind in the United States, BPI 
currently enrolls 275 incarcerated men and women across a full spectrum of academic disciplines and 
offers more than 60 courses each semester in New York State. By 2013, Bard granted nearly 275 AA 
and BA degrees to BPI participants and enrolled more than 500 students. The rate of post-release 
employment among the program's participants is high and recidivism is stunningly low. By 
challenging incarcerated men and women with a liberal education, BPI works to redefine the 
relationship between educational opportunity and criminal justice. In a speech given February 16, 
2014, Governor Andrew Cuomo highlighted Bard's work when he announced plans to support ten 
college-in-prison programs across New York State. BPI is currently working with governors in other 
states who are reconsidering policy shifts to broaden educational access to prisoners. The Consortium 
for the Liberal Arts in Prison was created by BPI to support other innovative college-in-prison 
programs throughout the country. Five colleges have established programs, bringing total enrollment 
nationally to nearly 700 by the end of 2014. The Consortium plans to establish programs in as many 
as ten more states. 
4) Citizen Science: Promoting Science Literacy and Understanding about the Link between 
Science and Citizenship. Citizen Science, now in its fourth year, brings all first-year Bard students 
to campus for a required and rigorous three-week January workshop that serves as a model for 
general education in science in the United States and abroad. Students attending Citizen Science 
focus on a single issue—infectious disease—and in an all-day every day curriculum discover how 
science is conducted and functions. They also participate in projects that promote collaboration, 
problem solving, leadership, ethical decision making, and scientific literacy. The Citizen Science 
program includes a wide array of engagement activities in the local community. Among the 
highlights are programs in area schools that engage more than 2,000 children in hands-on science 
activities with Bard students during Science Education Days. In addition, more than 400 Bard 
students partnered with more than 50 local agencies during the MLK Day of Engagement, part of 
United We Stand, President Obama's national call to service. 
5) The Institute for Writing and Thinking (IWT): Transforming the Practice of Writing. IWT 
grew out the need to address a growing, widespread inability on the part of students to express their 
sophisticated ideas in writing. The 1WT runs the Workshop in Language and Thinking (L&T), the 
mandatory, three-week session (similar to Citizen Science) for all incoming first-year Bard students, 
what the New York Times called a "boot camp for writers." The mission of IWT is to train high 
school and college faculty at workshops, conferences, and on-site consultations to help students think 
EFTA01189359
--- PAGE 3 ---
more deeply and to read challenging texts more closely through writing. Since IWT's founding, a 
diverse faculty representing the fields of composition, literature, philosophy, art, and science 
continue to develop and refine writing practices. More than 300,000 high school and college faculty 
have benefited from IWT training since the mid-1980s. IWT has had a tremendous impact 
internationally, with its liberating emphasis on ideas and expression serving as an antidote to 
traditions of rote learning. It now has affiliates in Russia and the West Bank. 
6) The Bard Music Festival (BMF) and SummerScape: Inspiring Artistic Excellence. BMF, part 
of the annual SummerScape performing arts festival, is an internationally acclaimed festival focusing 
on the work and world of a single composer each season. It has been praised, year in and year out, by 
the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal. The BMF brings performance and scholarship 
together. This summer marks the 25th anniversary of Bard's festival, which was founded to expand 
and diversify the audience for classical music by offering thematic programs that appeal to both 
seasoned concertgoers and newcomers to the concert hall. The BMF has been widely recognized for 
its thought-provoking programming and excellence. In addition, each year for the past decade a 
major production of a neglected operatic masterpiece is produced. In collaboration with the Princeton 
University Press, a major volume of scholarship on the featured composer has been published since 
1991, resulting in the most important continuing monograph series in music history in the English 
language. 
6) The Bard College Conservatory of Music and the Longy School of Music of Bard: Providing 
Preparation for a Life in the Creation and Performance of Music. The unique curriculum of The 
Bard College Conservatory of Music is guided by the principle that musicians should be broadly 
educated in the liberal arts and sciences. The Conservatory offers six distinct programs: an 
undergraduate program, a five-year program requiring two degrees: the bachelor of music and the 
bachelor of arts in a field other than music; the Graduate Vocal Arts Program (headed by Dawn 
Upshaw); the Graduate Conducting Program; the Postgraduate Collaborative Piano Fellowship, the 
Preparatory Division; and the Conductors Institute. The Conservatory offers unparalleled musical 
opportunities for its students. The Conservatory orchestra performs regularly on campus, in New 
York City, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Asia, and Europe. Students frequently perform alongside 
faculty in chamber music concerts at Bard, in regional chamber music concert series, and in concerts 
for the Bard Music Festival and with the American Symphony Orchestra. Longy, in collaboration 
with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, has become the central training ground for the American 
adaptations of El Sistema, the strategy developed in Venezuela to use music as a means to radically 
improve aspirations and opportunities faced by underserved children. 
8) MFA, BCC, CCS: Transforming the Graduate Training of Artists and the Place of the Arts. 
Bard has one of the world's most sought-after and competitive MFA programs. It is entirely 
interdisciplinary. Its attraction rests in the fact that the work of aspiring visual artists, writers, and 
musicians is critiqued by all disciplines in the arts. The Center for Curatorial Studies has developed 
the leading training program in the world for future curators workirsLin the field of twentieth-century 
and contemporary art. The Bard Graduate Center offers MA and =. 
degrees in the history of the 
decorative arts, design and material culture. 
EFTA01189360

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189361.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189361

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189362.pdf
----------------------------------------
ii
EFTA01189362

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189363.pdf
----------------------------------------
:t- 
!e t. 
• 
- 
defor 0,0 
villar • 
sa. 
'"•• 
-re 
• t 
• 
-"PS' 
- 
Sok 
„„r  
S o, „, 
ft. 
, 
•••••• 
- iff or 
••••-• 
-
:a t  
. 
•• 
P• 
•• 
F .
- 
giva. ftre 
, 
. 
.:•-•• 
. 
- -_- 
_ 
•-••011 Ibtit 
Xs,' 
Orr 
e 
".. 
• 
• 0 
ti .tl 
e il e 
or . 10 4 -•• - 
App. 
...g
.-  .>" 
p....- 
•:-- 
r-lic 
-• 
.**-sca. - - 41 
a ,- 
. ••• .- • . 
app .: 1 - '
-3, of' 
• 
ip,‘ „ s e Pe. 
.../friNvibi i5or 
*Het 
ear 
arc' 
e: 
• 
„..41 
• Ale 
, 
400PG jk
l.
af:411N
er
a"
 • 
eal,o4
• 
t. 
4,
• 
•De
I 
• 
Va 
..
044) 
Ins
• 
se
alt. 
• 
• 
• 4 
••• 
a s 
. 
-
. 
••••40sepos• 
, 
4, 
• 
/St;
• 
..•••• 
• 
• 
a•• 
‘,44/84, 
I a 
• „ „ , 
" 
. .....: a 
.- ;Pe ' 
i lk 
- 1 
. ' • 
ay+ Vi
" • 
• ill• 
"L • 
If 
'" 
••• 
• I 
4I•-• 
C 
... 
Sale 
• 
• 
• • la 
e egy 
, •;.• 
At• 
a
• 
r 
P
Jr/. 
'per 
D'r
!•e 
• 
•klo ' 
• 
- ' I. 
. 
- Se 
• 
• 
. 
it.
• 
l a 
. 
se. 
• . • 
a  
SR 
• 
fry 
.-r: it 
- 
 - 3rt >-"Pt IA 
ft 
• 
Is . 
... 
--Jot 
, vs -- *_ , , . 
. .. •-•#,,,, e ast, 
• 
,,-. 
..e'llt es- Ps  . 
It ' 
•-•
,. , 
.... 
e ..,,, 
els.. i :. 
E
rr  C••••• 
t• 
• et 
... . 
• 4. 
44- 
S 
4? - ie-
. 
.• 
W
P.4,4 01F 
•••• 
•IPPP
I 
• • 
., • 
• 
it- 
• 
_ 
42•• 
•••• 
•- 
. 
, 
e 
We, 
ad& 
la 
•- . 
is 
le 
. 4- •... 
••t 
;0„,
 W• 
• . 
ft. 
• 
16"
" 
e •••• 
a 
r 
• •44 
a: 
a' 
- Za• 
.8. , tit
.  
fie 
--- 
tiOrir.
4. . 
.4. 1146
... 
• 
L-- 
• . 
' fr S•Mil 
•
.t- 
- ,r*.r - : at 
% 
( 
. . 
a 
op •- .11 
Erk 
_, 
ag - -•-... 
-- 
1- y Alit 
.4 
ASR 
- 
. 
- 
3; .irs ‘ , ..0„.40 `• 
•01'.• • 
FRC - • .14;
▪ 
- ar. _It 
ger 
- • idn 
reill ' 
* 
, 
J.- • 
4- •-- 
, 
-- 
, 
f 
••• 
c 
1'1 -Th tm. 441  . 
- 
.414 tor . sib-
a . .... . 
-
.P" 
41% , 
e 
-
r  
-• 
-Nit 
414: -nre "54 1.4 
- 
A, a, 
••: ••••• 
• • 
-44„se• . 
P 
• 
II 
• 
ea% 
• 
•• 
a 
r• 
„,452
•• 
• 
% 
e , 
. 
Jr
,
Lr 
gar 
jalli 
• ••• 
• 
air 
.p 
* 
4,4-
4„ 
• 
1* 
b- • 
O
W  
tic! 
Ai 
EFTA01189363

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189364.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sean Chatman via LinkedIn <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Jeffrey, let's connect on LinIcedln 
Date: Mon, 21 Oct 2013 00:45:15 +0000 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I'd like to connect with you on LinkedIn. 
Sean Chatman 
Nightclub Events Manager at VisibilityLA 
Accept 
View Profile 
You are receiving Invitation emails. Unsubscribe.
This email was intended for Jeffrey Epstein. Learn why we included this. 
Stierlin Ct. Mountain View. CA 94043. USA 
EFTA01189364

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189365.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Oct 2013 03:37:47 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: ATT00001; photo.PNG 
being interviewed after their big win yesterday:) 
From: 
Date: Sun, 20 Oct 2013 23:22:14 -0400 
To: 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189365

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189366.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
• 
*S1PIMINSIMMi 
Inn 
- 
EFTA01189366

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189367.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189367

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189368.pdf
----------------------------------------
h 
r selv 
b 
ricImo-A .sfia..—g .' • 
in 
rw.":• 
:rif 
i i‘ r mtlitlia•-- --47 ..1.> 
•
•.>".•.:1‘ •,-.,••-•, ;cf.
"..: •:‘,
,.:.,._ 
. . • 
• ••Ses ••••trj• 
171J 
• '-' 
br 
• 
• 
l• 
. 
• 4 '4 1'4 •••_1.. 
••••lar> 
-•
f 4  '''!"..•••1 / : 
a ; c. 
t
. ..• ::. ' 
- 
,.• ii,•las:na‘
... .04 
st
_v.,.yo
t.,. 
ce.r. 
t: _ . . 
, , , :i1:.,.. . ,...44 _,..p.;  • • t  . 
..••••d 
/ 
• 
' •• 
• 
. t- •-•:•;...,-.,, , . 
--- :4)•-•: 
0.4.'aE4-'-'"' - • 
A - 7 
• .,* --7.•-• •••-!.;, f ,t, . • 
• 
• ._ 
0-••2H 
417J74
-.C; i'll.  4.11.1.7:;:t (CO.
'.  47 td141 -5";"1:C.1-
••• St.. ; ..f1
: ::
 ........ 4'\ 
'5 i- 
‘ 7-''..,.';'-.1-,'-7:"-...":',-. . 
tS.
. vw, 4:1•42:1114 - •• - itite.,,,?: ectNt. ,r,,;,t , • _r.psy.,71fi,p.i. .•..--,....71/4 • •,',- • -•-• '• 
-,!• • • ',' •ip 
V
41e.t_
i• -  41 5•,lityilt,...
?•‘‘C‘,:_t;4 z.‘i v'rt, .:,; .
ir
o  4 4.
g, .C.5_
,.
- ;.••;1-.4 ,v•-e. .• .- --- - - 
..-, :It
,„v_s(ilet:zi
,..),..I•c kari„...,4kii.j.,i):, 44.7.
... 
-';';•77:.--;:,x,:::•-
• ......1
•„,•21)....•:::..... ...,_;,.,.  : 
..... 
2"•-•••?. ..t....• • -,-r,„Qvce-.k2.7.,.::•:::,,i, -,;;-.-,),.....•-
-.,,,,•-
:•3, 1/4.e 7 ‘-' 
• 
•••- 
:_- 
: -4,4c' it/4* . ifiS>.. --i 
i .- .` „.7 . 97, 
- 
• 
, 
e
rrs5,4 - 1 • ,•411:„4 .b-;..,...,,2 
24.1, ,-
...,-.3,t--  p•-•,.., 
; .,--A.• .; , 
. 
Y:257{i‘,'"....4X.t-•• ' ttr•: •-, 
• 
-1. 
- -X
. )44t751  
-1.'"W''.
'Piet,:fst:TS-1-1; ♦- •7.-:'::.t.41-1;;,,,•_.. ..
., ::.... .. 
"':•i•-•fr qt.--; . Iv, -2: Ains • .. 
• 
.tc...e. e. 
.,.;4/11.4-' c-•. 
, -=♦
•• 
+., ,,, 
• ' 
.-÷,•-4-.••••••-„,-,x-;  
' ?-1.:•O-41' 
4.4,•- "! . 
-4•!.-tt.' :c.,,..att . `1 1k ,,., 
,•,_, Q. • .A.., • (.4 .,_,_ 
NItialett 
ti
• 
7.6044t* 
••• 
;•••!..• 
‘... 4•• 
••••••• f  4.4 
lack, 
••"- 
es. 
• -:11 
.-••• 
• 
•`„:,k 
t 
N. 
or 
•-t•-• 
• • 
'LILA'. 
"-e • 
EFTA01189368

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189369.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189369

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189370.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189370

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189371.pdf
----------------------------------------
- 
vs's' 
.•••• • 
--- • 
1•4,9 
' 
• - 
-7;1- 
3/4 -11• 
.• 
• 
-••• 
- • 
„ 
• 
r--
. 
. 
_ 
• 
— 
" 
. 
• 
• .. , ,. 
..„ 
.... 
' • "- ---...."
- 
al, 
• 
• • '"
  . 
„, 
. .. . 
• . 
, 
. 
• 
...-7, 
. . . 
• „ 
• 
" 
••• 
•••• 
/ 
• 
"ties' 
-• 
• 
•••••••,‘ 
•,te 
• 
• 
. . -.1 '-. 
g• 
• -
 •• ••_ 
,- 
. 
...id 
, , 
- 
, 
• 'so, .' 
- 
. _
—
^0 - 
 —dr .. .... ; 
—, --.:•_-.„,,.._,-- --...--„,„ • . _,.... • 
_ - . • .....— 
.— , , ,, . 
. .. 
- 
• 
_ . __ 
on. - 
.... 
...., • • ..., 
. I 
... • 
""-* ••••
 ,„ The. 
t: 
• 
... 
- 
•... 
- 
4,..X - .., 
."...` 
, : 
. _ 4 
•• 
• 
. V ...••••....... 
It 
. •••• . 
Ii. • . lI ar 
" ' ••• " t ',
,, 4:. 
• 
'''• 
' 
AIL - 
• 
. II 
4r- 
..' 
• 
• 
•••• 40.  
.- .4 
4P .  
... 0r 
- 
. 
. 
.0_ 
......... 
.7 
. 
. 
. 
• 
• 
• 
•••• 
. 
. ••• v.. I 
•••••• •• - -... 
.' :.. 
,„ 
' „ C .  
.. ".. .....w. 
.: 
, ... -.0 
• 
• 
...... - 
.:( 
' 
r 
•"" 
gr.. ' 
, 
. 
,e 
•' .• •• 
'... -of 
., 
_ 
- 
- 
„ 
. 
4. 
, 
,11"." 
•••-• 
. 
4. ••2 • - 
... .... 
• ". .."` " 
Pir .".  
ft. -4 
- 
. r" 
- 
- • . ' , 
" 
W ,  - 
• 
11  
- ‘... le 
. / . _ 
. , 
, -- 
, 
• 
.... 
• 
- •v/ 
p.  
....If/ 
'.. 
••• 
et ilp 
a 
, 
.••• • • . ---.' l 
;et 
• 
-... .- a • 
. 
. 
a. ' 
' 
••• '''. . 
- 
.... 
... 
EFTA01189371

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189372.pdf
----------------------------------------
W 
P S I p3
, I y 
EFTA01189372

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189373.pdf
----------------------------------------
sir" 
z 
EFTA01189373

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189374.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189374

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189375.pdf
----------------------------------------
sr- st,e 
.4. , 
• 
, 
t 
. 
J Pr n
e.Pr''' 
.. 
r 
%. 
-A 
•s
-7 
Nt 
EFTA01189375

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189376.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189376

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189377.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189377

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189378.pdf
----------------------------------------
at 
- -=
_ _ 
- 
- • r 
EFTA01189378

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189379.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189379

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189380.pdf
----------------------------------------
.t_ 
. 
air
*car -
EFTA01189380

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189381.pdf
----------------------------------------
Aii
EFTA01189381

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189382.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189382

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189383.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189383

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189384.pdf
----------------------------------------
MURIEL GRATEAU 
'MIROIR DE SORCIERE' 
BLANC C101 
biscuit de porcelaine blanc coulé à la main 
émail miroir 
Set de table rond 
Assiette de présentation 
Assiette plate 
Assiette creuse 
Assiette à dessert 
Assiette à pain 
Saladier 
Jatte 
Plat rond plat 36 cm 
Plat rond creux 32 cm 
Plateau Thé 
Petite coupelle 
Verseuse 
Crémier 
Bol sucrier 
Bol déjeuner 
Paire bol café 
Paire bol thé 
Paire bol déjeuner 
Paire tasse café 
Paire tasse thé 
Paire tasse déjeuner 
P.U.P. TTC 
VMS40 
360 € 
VMS9 
240 € 
VMS7 
185 € 
VMS8 
185 € 
VMS6 
175 € 
VMS5 
145 € 
vmsio 
475 € 
VMS37 
475 € 
VMS27 
475 € 
VMS28 
475 € 
VMS32 
460 € 
VMS44 
€ 
VMS45 
490 € 
VMS46 
185 € 
VMS15 
145 € 
VMS51 
220 € 
VMS49 
190 € 
VMS48 
195 € 
VMS47 
240 € 
vmsii 
190 € 
VMS12 
195 € 
VMS13 
240 € 
EFTA01189384

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189385.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Jeffrey <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Plane dishes 
Mon, 21 Oct 2013 22:40:26 +0000 
Photo_MS_BLANC2.pdf; MIROIR_Prix_Export_2013.pdf; 
MIROIR_Couverts_Prix_Export_2013.pdf; Photo_METAL_Argent.pdf; 
M ETA L_Prix_Export_HT_2013.pdf; METAL_Couverts_Prix_Export_2013.pdf; 
1.Vaisselle Porcelaine Liste Generale Fonnes.doc 
image001.png; image001(1).png 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "MURIEL GRATEAU - PARIS" <1 
Date: October 8, 2013 at 11:46:12 AM EDT 
To: < 
Subject: Muriel Grateau 
Madame, Monsieur, 
Nous vous remercions de votre visite de ce jour dans notre galerie ainsi que de l'interet que vous portez aux creations 
Muriel Grateau. 
Nous vous prions de trouver, ci-jointes, les informations sur les lignes de porcelaine MIROIR (blanc/platine) et METAL 
(argent) qui ont attire votre attention. 
Nous vous informons que toutes les porcelaines sont realisees a la main, et qu'un delai d'environ 3 mois est requis pour 
toute commande. 
Le linge de table (100% lin dans 100 couleurs differentes) existe en serviettes, sets, nappes et egalement sur mesure 
(serviettes a cocktail...). Les couleurs qui vous plaisaient sont : Terre Cuite (ref : C096) et Tomette (ref : C095). 
Nous expedions nos articles dans le monde entier. 
Nous sommes a votre disposition pour toute demande complementaire d'information. 
Cordialement 
P/o 
MURIEL GRATEAU 
MURIEL GRATEAU 
Nathalie 
EFTA01189385
--- PAGE 2 ---
www.murielgrateau.com 
EFTA01189386

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189387.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
•••••• • ' 
. - 
•z,a 
. • 
Air • •• . • 
• • 
- 
•••• 
-- 
% 4 , 
A I . 
A 
K. 
e 
• 
d e 
• - 
• - 
• 
•:•• ' 
••• 
. 
, •••• 
' • ' • 
' 
, , '4. -40,„ 
'11 
••1/4
,
e 
j. 
. . 
. 
• 
• 
••• 
1/44 
• 
.11•.- 
•••• 
a• 4 'EIS.' 
* 
I 
•• 
2. 4 * 
%IP. . . . . . , 
... 
. 
11.:  
..,....k .4 44  at . 
. 
•• • 
• 
e- 
, t 
• Ha ' . 
toy ; . -1:-t.,-- ' ,:...4•, .-7,•
.. 
• '1' 
. .... 
. 
- 
.4, 
, 4, 'a" 
, - .... 
'v.° W 
. • . t• t 
ta 
• sr: 
.4i. •
. 
t, 
..• - 
.... 
0.! 
'rec tel. 
• 
. 
ir 
.••• '' . 
..
••• 4 
11•• 
• 
 ..... . 4 
• 
- 
• 
•• ) *SI 
- 
• 
'
..„ 
. 
- _et. 
••• .. 
..-: 
fger  . ••:#• 
i -4 . - - d le• a 1 AO g ' s ." 4.t - 
.... : 
: ' • ..9. 
• it 6 r  • s _ ,if 4- ,-.; 
. 
I 
s 
• 
. 
• 
• 
fi r*
• 
• . 
• Ar. • 
.* 
•
•.1 
_ 
, 
• 
... 
b , 
0,,, it.
'  4 • 
' 4 ... • 0 4.  
- • ,,, f,-..?.., • 
  ..,•
- ik • k* 4 
• 
. 
" 
.. A 
• • 
Eir II . ; • 
' ••• 
. 
it  
101 
t 
' 
. 0 
- 
• 
p. API 
• l' • 
IT 0 ill' 
1: 
-IP-7... , 
at. 
. 
• 
• lilt 
. . 
,. 
J. 
• 
. 
• 
• 
 • 
 • 
i 
„ .
•• 
• 
',. 
^.. 
s ' .4.4 
db. 4
• ,...... , 
../. 
4 r Iv, .. 
•-t...- 7.. a 
-. 
• t. ....0 
....- 
v
-
.., • . . „1,,,...v. 
—4', 
.4 J.*-
. , 
A 
* 
" 
• 
• 
L
i
f
t
;
“
,
e
'
,
.
/
.
'
-
-
.
/
,
•
-
-
.
.
.
-
S
e
• 
er  
. • 
a 
esivs
A 
• 
g:• 
• 
. 
" 
ri• 
• 1. 
*ft 
N. 
• 
m .4 
ark 
• t  
• 
f'  
aC:
. ° a l e 
• 
aiss, 
• - 
4r
4‘:
• 
-11 
- 
• 
• - 70 
, 
so••  4 4.• 
• 
',Ilk • 
. 64.11 
-* a 4' ' 
• 
•• 
- 
OP.
% 
•i* 
- 
i t -4 ft, 
Fr 
. 
a 
r ^!4•40r 
' 
1.5 
•,, 
. 
••• 
wilbs%e vegitte; 
, • 
- 01/4-it 
‘,1 
%Ire' 40I • 
-7fr 
"Ale: 
—Thip_stoir. .ste • 
samaa 
Ara% 
. 
EFTA01189387

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189388.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 22 Oct 2013 14:13:11 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189388

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189389.pdf
----------------------------------------
Notice for ( 'tastotiters 
I)isabilitieS 
commu
ted to prop (ding customers with disabilities the same level of access to its 
rioriams and act i\ itics that customers without disabilities have (see the USCIS Web site for an 
c\ plana t ion and e\amples of accommodations). If you need an accommodation for your 
Appointment due to a disability that affects your access to a USCIS program or activity OR if a 
disability pre\ cuts you from going to the designated USCIS location for your appointment, 
please call the National Customer Service Center (NCSC) at 1-800-375-5283 (TDD: 1-800-767-
IS 's) to request an accommodation. 
t. 'all the \('S( even if you indicated on your application or petition that you require an 
accommodation. Also, you must contact the NCSC to request an accommodation each time 
)oult;uk e an appointment with USCIS. For example, you must call the NCSC to request an 
accouliiiodauon for your biometrics appointment and again for an accommodation for your 
IC%1 appoitiftwnt. 
No l'uT: All domestic USCIS offices arc accessible to individuals with physical disabilities. 
You do not need to request an accommodation if your ONLY need is an accommodation that 
would enable or theilitate you having physical access to a domestic USCIS office. 
Note: Naturalization applicants should not call the NCSC to request an exception from the 
English and/or civics testing requirement. You must submit Form N-648, Medical Certification 
for Disability Exceptions to request an exception. See the form instructions for additional 
information. 
EFTA01189389

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189390.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189390

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189391.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189391

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189392.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bee: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Gregory Brown 
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 09/15/2013 
Mon, 16 Sep 2013 11:25:42 +0000 
Map_of_Ethnic_Groups in_the_US Mail_Online_September_h_2013.pdf; 
The Largest Ancestry_oroups In 171e_United States_Liz_O'Connor,_Gus_Lubrin_&_Di 
najpector_flusiness Insider AUo_ I 3,_2013.idf; 
Compromise_IS_a_d;ty_wor—d_Chris_Cillizza TWP_September_4,2013.pdf; 
The Student_Loan Debt_Crisis_in 9_Charts TvIotheriones_June 29,2013.pdf; 
Student Loan_DebT_Is_a Beast. Ffere_Are Elizabeth Warren's,_ifresident_Obama's,_and_t 
he GOF's_Plans to Fix it_MotiTer Jonesfun 3,_2013.pdf; 
Dainquencies_O—t§tud;nt Loans tirpass_TI;se_On_Credit_Card_Debt_Tyler_Durden_ 
wvvw.zerohedge.com-02 21_2013.Pdf; 
Summers' End Robert kuttner The Huffington Post 09 16 2013.docx; 
A Plea fi; Ca—ution Flom Rus-sia cLADIMIR —V. PUT& RYT September_11,_2013.do 
cx; AnaTysi;,_Syriajhemieal_weap—_=?WINDOWS71252?(77 
— 
ons_proposal is Putin=92s_master? 
= stroke_ByD6NATHAN_SPYER Theierusalem Post_09=5F13 2013.docx; 
Carlic_can_lower_blood_pressure_cy_10_percenti;nny_Hope_MaTIOnline_09_13_2013.d 
ocx 
Inline-Images: image.png; image(I).png; image(2).png; image(3).png 
Dear Friends.... 
As some of you may know, both my PC and Laptop died last within the last three weeks and last week I 
was left without a working computer although I have four computers in my home and office, two fairly 
new. With this said, I am sorry for the delay in this week's readings and the fact that from my point of 
view, this week's offerings are a little thin, especially with all of the news worthy events that happened 
this past week, including President Obama asking for Congressional approval to attack Syria, that was 
trending toward defeat and Russian President Putin seizing on a comment made last week by Vice 
President Biden, offered a proposal that would rid Syria of its chemical weapons, which the Syrian 
government immediately embraced and which The Jerusalem Post called a masterstroke, that is 
only being booed by the Syrian Rebels who see their chance of overthrowing the Assad 
Regime diminish and neocons like Senator John McCain. who still embrace the desire of a full scale 
war to institute regime change, reminiscent to Afghanistan and Iraq. 
It is delusional to believe that arming the Rebels will lead to democracy when there are more than 27 
armed warring factions who range from wannabe war lords to Islamic zealots to former Assad 
government officials who John McCain supports, even though they have little support within Syria. As 
I pointed out last week, President Obama is one of the luckiest politicians ever, as his foe, Russian 
President Putin, in an attempt to bolster his international credentials, gave him a get-out-of-free card, 
with his proposal that is almost a win-win for everyone, especially those of us who believe entering into 
another war anywhere on the globe against a country who has not attack us or isn't 
an imminent threat, is just plain stupidity. I am not a fan of Vaedimir Putin or Bashar al-Assad and I 
am definitely not a fan of gunboat diplomacy whether it be George Bush or Barrack Obama, but I have 
EFTA01189392
--- PAGE 2 ---
to thank that cooler heads prevailed this week because if given his way, a President John McCain 
would have had the US embroiled in wars in Iran and now Syria, in addition to Afghanistan and Iraq, 
with Sarah Palin as Vice President. 
Very rarely do I agree with Texas Republican and 2012 former presidential candidate, Ron Paul and 
other libertarians so when I ran across this video/interview with Ron Paul on the so-called "American 
Exceptionalism," to which Putin objected. Paul: "Our liberty is what used to make us exceptional. 
But don't kid yourselves, says Ron. We lost that a long time ago thanks to those collectivists 
concerned more about promoting world governance than American liberty." 
Since the Republican primary more than a year ago — Ron Paul has warned his crowds that American 
exceptionalism is not an excuse for invading other nations in hopes of spreading U.S. values overseas. 
"There's a move on in our country to excuse our intervention overseas, and they call it American 
exceptionalism. They distort this view, of course," Paul told the crowd of several hundred. "They say 
that America is exceptional, they know what is right, and they have this moral obligation to force it 
down the throats of other people, and if they don't take it, we're supposed to invade them and make 
them do exactly as we say." Ron Paul has his own take on what it means to be 'exceptional'... it seems 
"inspire", and 'lead by example' is preferable to 'threaten' and 'attack'... and I agree 
See video link: 
ALSO. Check out Pat Buchanan giving the real right-wing take on the Putin piece: 
EFTA01189393
--- PAGE 3 ---
See Video Link: 
On the other hand, in Time Magazine under the title: It is our exceptionalism - and our 
separation of powers — that has kept us out of war in Syria. Ron Paul's son, Senator Rand 
Paul issued a response to Russian President Vladimir Putin's op-ed last week in the New York 
Times. 
2,Rand Paul 
By Sen. Rand Paul: Sept. 13, 2013 
'!it recent op-ed by Russian President Vladimir Putin has prompted me to respond. While his position 
that the Syrian conflict can and should be settled through a political and diplomatic solution is 
correct, virtually everything else in his writing should be taken to task. So I shall. I begin with Mr. 
Putin's disagreement regarding the exceptionalism of the United States of America. I could not more 
strongly disagree with him. While he is correct that God created every human being as an equal in 
His eyes, clearly the results of each of our efforts on this earth, individually and collectively, are not 
equal. America's exceptionalism is rooted in our founding documents and values. From the rights 
granted by our creator, but guaranteed by our Constitution. We should not shy away from saying 
so, especially when our actions are in keeping with this exceptional founding, as they were this week 
in our debate over going to war in Syria. Our constitutional checks and balances were on full 
display, largely resulting in the at least temporary halting of a rush to war. 
Mr. Putin's second mistake is to focus on the speck in the eye of the United States, while ignoring the 
plank in his own. He accuses the United States of alarming interventions in foreign countries. While 
I certainly have my bone to pick with our foreign policy over the last 15 years, the Russian President 
is the least qualified person I can think of to make this argument with a straight face. We went to 
war in Afghanistan because they were harboring those who attacked us on 9/11. Mr. Putin's cohorts 
went to war there three decades earlier for no legitimate reason. The United States until now has 
resisted arming one side of the Syrian civil war — all the while the other side has been armed by 
Russia. The United States has used diplomatic pressure to attempt to resolve the ongoing situation 
with Iran — Russia has just announced a large arms sale that will escalate tensions in the region. 
Being lectured to on foreign intervention by Mr. Putin would be comical if it weren't such a serious 
example of a lack of self-awareness. 
Nevertheless here we are. Sometimes the enemy of my enemy is my friend, or at least my temporary 
ally. As Mr. Putin correctly pointed out, the United States and Russia banded together to defeat the 
EFTA01189394
--- PAGE 4 ---
menace of the Nazis a generation ago. And both countries certainly face real and present threats 
from Islamic extremists, both at home and in areas of strategic importance. American should not act 
militarily in Syria because it cannot and should not join the same side as Al Qaeda. Russia cannot 
and should not continue to support militarily the brutal Assad regime. And so, the dialogue that 
began this week must go forward, and it must be given a chance to succeed. 
The issue of course, is with the participants and the details of the plan. Asking us to "trust them" is 
clearly not a palatable option, and we cannot act naively simply to bypass war. Any diplomatic 
solution must involve a clear plan to rid Syria of these weapons, with strong verification and 
enforcement mechanisms. As Reagan used to put it, Trust but Verify. So while I welcome the 
engagement of the Russians, and the dialogue Mr. Putin this week attempted to begin with our 
country, I remain to be convinced of the details. And I respond to him directly with the statement 
that yes, American is indeed exceptional. Our history has proved it so. While we all share the same 
Creator, we do not all share the same richness of history regarding human rights, freedom and 
democracy. There has been in the past 200 years a city on the hill that has shone brighter than all 
others. We will not be ashamed of that. May God allow us to continue to model this example to the 
world in these difficult times." 
As one New Jersey journalist wrote, Every conservative owes Barack Obama a debt of gratitude 
for exposing a reality that we conservatives have been trying to point out for years: There is no 
difference whatsoever between so-called "neo" conservatives and liberals. The president's wacky 
plan to enter the Syrian civil war on the side of Al Qaeda offered a classic example of liberal 
interventionism - the idea that the American military should be used to advance the interests of 
foreigners rather than to defend Americans. This sort of thing can be traced to Woodrow Wilson's 
disastrous decision to drag the U.S. into World War One - on the side of the imperialists, by the way. 
No conservative could ever support any military adventure that is undertaken for any reason other 
than the defense of America against attack. Promoting democracy and enforcing international norms 
do not meet that standard. Yet look who supported Obama's call for Syrian leader Bashir al-Assad to 
step down or be forced from power: Every major liberal newspaper in the country as well as all the 
standard "neo" conservative pundits. When neocons objected, it was only because the plan wasn't 
nutty enough. They wanted the U.S. to have ousted Assad yesterday. So it was funny to watch the 
neocons leap and hop around when Russian leader Vladimir Putin pointed out in that New York Times 
op-ed that the neocon conception of exceptionalism is a crock. 
The map that shows where America came from: Fascinating 
illustration shows the ancestry of EVERY county in the US 
• We are a country of immigrants and for those who chose to deny others the same rights that were given to 
their forefathers is unAmerican. 
• Census data shows heritage of 317 million modern Americans 
• Clusters show where immigrants from different nations chose to settle 
• Largest ancestry grouping in the nation are of German descent with almost 50 million people 
• African American or Black is the second largest grouping with just over 40 million people 
• Almost 20 million people claim to have 'American' ancestry for political reasons and because they are 
unsure of their family's genealogy 
2,Inline image 5 
A truly captivating map that shows the ancestry of everyone of the 317 million people who call the 
melting pot of America home can now be seen on a U.S. Census Bureau map. For decades, the 
EFTA01189395
--- PAGE 5 ---
United States opened its doors and welcomed with open arms millions of immigrants who all arrived 
through New York's Ellis Island in the hope of a better life in America. Indeed, the inscription on the 
Statue of Liberty in New York's harbor reads 'Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses 
yearning to be free' and the fascinating map identifies the truly diverse nature of the United States in 
the 21st century. Although the 2010 census left out questions about ethnicity, this map shows how it 
looked in 2000, according to Upworthy. 
49,206,934 Germans 
By far the largest ancestral group, stretching from coast to coast across 21st century America is 
German, with 49,206,934 people. The peak immigration for Germans was in the mid-19th century as 
thousands were driven from their homes by unemployment and unrest. The majority of German-
Americans can now be found in the the center of the nation, with the majority living in Maricopa 
County, Arizona and according to Business Insider, famous German-Americans include, Ben Affleck, 
Tom Cruise, Walt Disney, Henry J. Heinz and Oscar Mayer. Indeed, despite having no successful New 
World colonies, the first significant groups of German immigrants arrived in the United States in the 
1670s and settled in New York and Pennsylvania. Germans were attracted to America for familiar 
reasons, open tracts of land and religious freedom and their contributions to the nation included 
establishing the first kindergartens, Christmas trees and hot dogs and hamburgers. 
41,284,752 Black or African Americans 
The census map also identifies, Black or African-American as a term for citizens of the United States 
who have ancestry in Sub-Saharan Africa. The majority of African Americans are descended from 
slaves from West and Central Africa and of course have become an integral part of the story of the 
United States, gaining the right to vote with the 15th amendment in 1870, but struggling with their 
civil rights for at least another century. Predominantly living in the south of the nation where they 
were brought to work on the cotton plantations and as slaves in the late 18th to mid-19th centuries, 
Black or African Americans also have sizable communities in the Chicago area of Illinois and Detroit, 
Michigan. 
35,523,082 Irish 
Another group who joined the great story of the United States were the Irish and the great famine of 
the 1840s sparked mass migration from Ireland. It is estimated that between 1820 and 1920, 4.5 
million Irish moved to the United States and settled in the large cities like New York, Boston, 
Philadelphia, Chicago and San Francisco. Currently, almost 12 percent of the total population of the 
United States claim Irish ancestry - compared with a total population of six and a half million for the 
Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland today. Irish residents of note include John F. Kennedy, 
Derek Jeter and Neil Armstrong and 35,523,082 people call themselves Irish. 
31,789,483 Mexican 
And from 1990 to 2000, the number of people who claimed Mexican ancestry almost doubled in size to 
31,789,483 people. Those with Mexican ancestry are most common along the Southwestern border of 
the United States and is largest ancestry in Los Angeles, Houston, Phoenix, San Diego, Dallas and San 
Antonio. 
26,923,091 English 
The next largest grouping of people in the United States by ancestry are those who claim to be English-
American. Predominantly found in the Northwest and West, the number of people directly claiming to 
be English-American has dropped by 20 million since the 1980 U.S. Census because more citizens 
EFTA01189396
--- PAGE 6 ---
have started to identify themselves as American. They are based predominantly in the northeast of the 
country in New England and in Utah, where the majority of Mormon immigrants moved in the middle 
19th century. Notable American people with English ancestry are Orson Welles and Bill Gates and 
26,923,091 people claim to come from the land of the original Pilgrims. 
19,911,467 Americans 
The surprising number of people across the nation claiming to have American ancestry is due to them 
making a political statement, or because they are simply uncertain about their direct descendants. 
Indeed, this is a particularly common feature in the south of the nation, where political tensions 
between those who consider themselves original settlers and those who are more recent exist. The 
figures reveal the changing face of the U.S., with the number of Hispanics up by 15 million by the 2010 
census, from these figures in 2000. Hispanic children now account for one in four American 
youngsters as a portrait emerges of a country with an aging white population and rapid minority 
growth. While Hispanic communities cover a swath of states from California to Texas, American 
Indians are more dispersed, with pockets of populations in states including Arizona, New Mexico, 
Montana and the Dakotas, with a higher concentration in Alaska. 
The map also reveals a concentration of people stating American as their ethnic heritage, mostly in the 
South. Many may have stated American on the census form as a political statement, or because they 
have a mixed or unknown heritage, according to Business Insider. While the United States has its 
roots in being a welcoming place for immigrants, that hasn't always been the case. As a wave of new 
arrivals flooded U.S. shores in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, but a movement to restrict who 
was allowed into the country took hold as well. 
2, Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty National Monument, New Jersey, New York City, USA: Immigrants on line 
leaving Ellis Island waiting for feny to 
In 1882, Congress enacted the Chinese Exclusion Act, the first major federal law to put 
immigration limits in place and the only one in American history aimed at a specific nationality. It 
came into being in response to fears, primarily on the West Coast, that an influx of Chinese immigrants 
was weakening economic conditions and lowering wages. It was extended in 1902. Other laws 
followed, like the Immigration Act of 1917, which created an 'Asiatic Barred Zone" to restrict 
immigration from that part of the world, and the Emergency Quota Act of 1921, which limited the 
number of immigrants from any country to 3 percent of those people from that country who had been 
living in the United States as of 1910. The 1924 Immigration Act capped the number of immigrants 
from a particular country at 2 percent of the population of that country already living in the United 
States in 1890. That favored immigrants from northern and western European countries like Great 
Britain over immigrants from southern and eastern European countries like Italy. 
It also prevented any immigrant ineligible for citizenship from coming to America. Since laws already 
on the books prohibited people of any Asian origin from becoming citizens, they were barred entry. 
The law was revised in 1952, but kept the quota system based on country of origin in the U.S. 
population and only allowed low quotas to Asian nations. The American children of Italian and other 
European immigrants saw that law "as a slur against their own status" and fought for the system to be 
changed, said Mae Ngai, professor of history and Asian American studies at Columbia University. In 
fighting for change, they looked to the civil rights movement. The political leaders who agreed with 
them saw it in the same terms, as a change needed for equality's sake, as well as to be responsive to 
shifting relationships with nations around the world. Speaking to the American Committee on 
Italian Migration in June 1963, President John F. Kennedy cited the "nearly intolerable" plight of 
those who had family members in other countries who wanted to come to the U.S. and could be useful 
citizens, but were being blocked by "the inequity and maldistribution of the quota numbers." 
EFTA01189397
--- PAGE 7 ---
Weblink: hup://www.dailyrnail.co.ukinews/aniele-2408591/Arnerican-ethnicity-map-shows-melting-pot-
ethnicnies-make-USA-today.html
Two years later, in signing into law a replacement system that established a uniform number of people 
allowed entry to the United States despite national origin, President Lyndon B. Johnson said it would 
correct "a cruel and enduring wrong in the conduct of the American nation." Stephen Klineberg, 
sociology professor at Rice University in Houston, said the civil rights movement "was the main force 
that made that viciously racist law come to be perceived as intolerable," precisely because it raised 
questions about fairness and equality. For more information please feel free to read the attached 
Business Insider article by Liz O'Conner, Gus Lubin & Dina Spector — The Largest Ancestry 
Groups In The United States 
Human Mysteries 
The human body is a treasure trove of mysteries and still confounds doctors and scientists about the 
details of its working. It's not an overstatement to say that every part of your body is a miracle. Here are 
facts about your body, some of which will leave you stunned! 
1. 
It's possible for your body to survive without a surprisingly large 
fraction of its internal organs. Even if you lose your stomach, your 
spleen, 75% of your liver, 80% of your intestines, one kidney, one lung, 
and virtually every organ from your pelvic and groin area, you 
wouldn't be very healthy, but you would live. 
2. 
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two 
swimming pools. Actually, Saliva is more important than you realize. If 
your saliva cannot dissolve something, you cannot taste it. 
3. 
The largest cell in the human body is the female egg and the 
smallest is the male sperm. The egg is actually the only cell in the body 
that is visible to the naked eye. 
4. 
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue and the 
hardest bone is the jawbone. 
5. 
Human feet have 52 bones, accounting for one quarter of all the 
human body's bones. 
6. 
Feet have 500,000 sweat glands and can produce more than a 
pint of sweat a day. 
7. 
The acid in your stomach is strong enough to dissolve razor 
blades. The reason it doesn't eat away at your stomach is that the cells 
EFTA01189398
--- PAGE 8 ---
of your stomach wall renew themselves so frequently that you get a 
new stomach lining every three to four days. 
8. 
The human lungs contain approximately 2,400 kilometers (1,500 
mi) of airways and 300 to 500 million hollow cavities, having a total 
surface area of about 70 square meters, roughly the same area as one 
side of a tennis court. Furthermore, if all of the capillaries that 
surround the lung cavities were unwound and laid end to end, they 
would extend for about 992 kilometers. Also, your left lung is smaller 
than your right lung to make room for your heart. 
9. 
Sneezes regularly exceed 100 mph, while coughs clock in at 
about 60 mph. 
10. 
Your body gives off enough heat in 30 minutes to bring half a 
gallon of water to a boil. 
11. 
Your body has enough iron in it to make a nail 3 inches long. 
12. 
Earwax production is necessary for good ear health. It protects 
the delicate inner ear from bacteria, fungus, dirt and even insects. It 
also cleans and lubricates the ear canal. 
13. 
Everyone has a unique smell, except for identical twins, who 
smell the same. 
14. 
Your teeth start growing 6 months before you are born. This is 
why one out of every 2,000 newborn infants has a tooth when they are 
born 
15. 
A baby's head is one-quarter of its total length, but by the age of 
will only be one-eighth of its total length. This is because people's 
heads grow at a much slower rate than the rest of their bodies. 
16. 
Babies are born with 300 bones, but by adulthood the number is 
reduced to 206. Some of the bones, like skull bones, get fused into each 
other, bringing down the total number. 
17. 
It's not possible to tickle yourself. This is because when you 
attempt to tickle yourself you are totally aware of the exact time and 
EFTA01189399
--- PAGE 9 ---
manner in which the tickling will occur, unlike when someone else 
tickles you. 
18. 
Less than one third of the human race has 20-20 vision. This 
means that two out of three people cannot see perfectly. 
19. 
Your nose can remember 50,000 different scents. But if you are a 
woman, you are a better smeller than men, and will remain a better 
smeller throughout your life. 
20. 
The human body is estimated to have 60,000 miles of blood 
vessels. 
21. 
The three things pregnant women dream most of during their 
first trimester are frogs, worms and potted plants. Scientists have no 
idea why this is so, but attribute it to the growing imbalance of 
hormones in the body during pregnancy. 
22. 
The life span of a human hair is 3 to 7 years on average. Every 
day the average person loses 60-100 strands of hair. But don't worry, 
you must lose over 50% of your scalp hairs before it is apparent to 
anyone. 
23. 
The human brain cell can hold 5 times as much information as 
an encyclopedia. Your brain uses 20% of the oxygen that enters your 
bloodstream, and is itself made up of 80% water. Though it interprets 
pain signals from the rest of the body, the brain itself cannot feel 
pain. 
24. 
The tooth is the only part of the human body that can't repair 
itself. 
25. 
Your eyes are always the same size from birth but your nose and 
ears never stop growing. 
26. 
By 60 years of age, 60% of men and 40% of women will snore. 
27. 
We are about 1 cm taller in the morning than in the evening, 
because during normal activities during the day, the cartilage in our 
knees and other areas slowly compress. 
EFTA01189400
--- PAGE 10 ---
28. 
The brain operates on the same amount of power as 10-watt light 
bulb, even while you are sleeping. In fact, the brain is much more 
active at night than during the day. 
29. 
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles 
per hour. Neurons continue to grow throughout human life. 
Information travels at different speeds within different types of 
neurons. 
30. 
People who dream more often and more vividly, on an average 
have a higher IQ. 
31. 
The fastest growing nail is on the middle finger. 
32. 
Facial hair grows faster than any other hair on the body. This is 
true for men as well as women. 
33. 
There are as many hairs per square inch on your body as a 
chimpanzee. 
34. 
A human fetus acquires fingerprints at the age of three months. 
35. 
By the age of 60, most people will have lost about half their taste 
buds. 
36. 
About 32 million bacteria call every inch of your skin home. But 
most are harmless or even helpful. 
37. 
The colder the room you sleep in, the higher the chances are that 
you'll have a bad dream. 
38. 
Human lips have a reddish color because of the great 
concentration of tiny capillaries just below the skin. 
39. 
Three hundred million cells die in the human body every 
minute. 
40. 
Like fingerprints, every individual has an unique tongue print 
that can be used for identification. 
EFTA01189401
--- PAGE 11 ---
41. 
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds 
after it has been decapitated. 
42. 
It takes 17 muscles to smile and 43 to frown. 
43. 
Humans can make do longer without food than sleep. Provided 
there is water, the average human could survive a month to two 
months without food depending on their body fat and other factors. 
Sleep deprived people, however, start experiencing radical personality 
and psychological changes after only a few sleepless days. The longest 
recorded time anyone has ever gone without sleep is 11 days, at the end 
of which the experimenter was awake, but stumbled over words, 
hallucinated and frequently forgot what he was doing. 
44. 
The most common blood type in the world is Type O. The rarest 
blood type, A-H or Bombay blood, due to the location of its discovery, 
has been found in less than hundred people since it was discovered 
45. 
Every human spent about half an hour after being conceived, as 
a single cell. Shortly afterward, the cells begin rapidly dividing and 
begin forming the components of a tiny embryo. 
46. 
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than 
left-handed people. 
47. 
Your ears secrete more earwax when you are afraid than when 
you aren't. 
48. 
Koalas and primates are the only animals with unique 
fingerprints. 
49. 
Humans are the only animals observed to produce emotional 
tears. 
50. 
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet 
in the air. 
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
EFTA01189402
--- PAGE 12 ---
As a follow up to the earlier pieces and for those who have not read Russian President 
Putin's op-ed on September 11, 2013 in the New York Times, here it is. 
A Plea for Caution From Russia 
By VLADIMIR V. PUT1N 
MOSCOW — RECENT events surrounding Syria have prompted me to speak directly to the American 
people and their political leaders. It is important to do so at a time of insufficient communication 
between our societies. 
Relations between us have passed through different stages. We stood against each other during the 
cold war. But we were also allies once, and defeated the Nazis together. The universal international 
organization — the United Nations — was then established to prevent such devastation from ever 
happening again. 
The United Nations' founders understood that decisions affecting war and peace should happen only 
by consensus, and with America's consent the veto by Security Council permanent members was 
enshrined in the United Nations Charter. The profound wisdom of this has underpinned the stability of 
international relations for decades. 
No one wants the United Nations to suffer the fate of the League of Nations, which collapsed because it 
lacked real leverage. This is possible if influential countries bypass the United Nations and take 
military action without Security Council authorization. 
The potential strike by the United States against Syria, despite strong opposition from many countries 
and major political and religious leaders, including the pope, will result in more innocent victims and 
escalation, potentially spreading the conflict far beyond Syria's borders. A strike would increase 
violence and unleash a new wave of terrorism. It could undermine multilateral efforts to resolve the 
Iranian nuclear problem and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and further destabilize the Middle East 
and North Africa. It could throw the entire system of international law and order out of balance. 
Syria is not witnessing a battle for democracy, but an armed conflict between government and 
opposition in a multireligious country. There are few champions of democracy in Syria. But there are 
more than enough Qaeda fighters and extremists of all stripes battling the government. The United 
States State Department has designated Al Nusra Front and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, 
fighting with the opposition, as terrorist organizations. This internal conflict, fueled by foreign 
weapons supplied to the opposition, is one of the bloodiest in the world. 
Mercenaries from Arab countries fighting there, and hundreds of militants from Western countries 
and even Russia, are an issue of our deep concern. Might they not return to our countries with 
experience acquired in Syria? After all, after fighting in Libya, extremists moved on to Mali. This 
threatens us all. 
From the outset, Russia has advocated peaceful dialogue enabling Syrians to develop a compromise 
plan for their own future. We are not protecting the Syrian government, but international law. We 
need to use the United Nations Security Council and believe that preserving law and order in today's 
complex and turbulent world is one of the few ways to keep international relations from sliding into 
chaos. The law is still the law, and we must follow it whether we like it or not. Under current 
international law, force is permitted only in self-defense or by the decision of the Security Council. 
Anything else is unacceptable under the United Nations Charter and would constitute an act of 
aggression. 
No one doubts that poison gas was used in Syria. But there is every reason to believe it was used not by 
the Syrian Army, but by opposition forces, to provoke intervention by their powerful foreign patrons, 
who would be siding with the fundamentalists. Reports that militants are preparing another attack —
this time against Israel — cannot be ignored. 
EFTA01189403
--- PAGE 13 ---
It is alarming that military intervention in internal conflicts in foreign countries has become 
commonplace for the United States. Is it in America's long-term interest? I doubt it. Millions around 
the world increasingly see America not as a model of democracy but as relying solely on brute force, 
cobbling coalitions together under the slogan "you're either with us or against us." 
But force has proved ineffective and pointless. Afghanistan is reeling, and no one can say what will 
happen after international forces withdraw. Libya is divided into tribes and clans. In Iraq the civil war 
continues, with dozens killed each day. In the United States, many draw an analogy between Iraq and 
Syria, and ask why their government would want to repeat recent mistakes. 
No matter how targeted the strikes or how sophisticated the weapons, civilian casualties are inevitable, 
including the elderly and children, whom the strikes are meant to protect. 
The world reacts by asking: if you cannot count on international law, then you must find other ways to 
ensure your security. Thus a growing number of countries seek to acquire weapons of mass 
destruction. This is logical: if you have the bomb, no one will touch you. We are left with talk of the 
need to strengthen nonproliferation, when in reality this is being eroded. 
We must stop using the language of force and return to the path of civilized diplomatic and political 
settlement. 
A new opportunity to avoid military action has emerged in the past few days. The United States, Russia 
and all members of the international community must take advantage of the Syrian government's 
willingness to place its chemical arsenal under international control for subsequent destruction. 
Judging by the statements of President Obama, the United States sees this as an alternative to military 
action. 
I welcome the president's interest in continuing the dialogue with Russia on Syria. We must work 
together to keep this hope alive, as we agreed to at the Group of 8 meeting in Lough Erne in Northern 
Ireland in June, and steer the discussion back toward negotiations. 
If we can avoid force against Syria, this will improve the atmosphere in international affairs and 
strengthen mutual trust. It will be our shared success and open the door to cooperation on other 
critical issues. 
My working and personal relationship with President Obama is marked by growing trust. I appreciate 
this. I carefully studied his address to the nation on Tuesday. And I would rather disagree with a case 
he made on American exceptionalism, stating that the United States' policy is "what makes America 
different. It's what makes us exceptional." It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see 
themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation. There are big countries and small countries, rich 
and poor, those with long democratic traditions and those still finding their way to democracy. Their 
policies differ, too. We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord's blessings, we must not forget 
that God created us equal. 
As Chris Cillizza pointed out in an op-ed last week in The Washington Post that in today's political 
environment especially in Washington, 
- Compromise IS a dirty word. He continues, 
"Compromise" stinks. Not as a concept. But as a word. "Voters do not respond well to it, nor do they 
side with a candidate who is defined by it," according to a memo by Democratic pollster Jeff Pollock 
off of new nationwide poll conducted by his firm, Global Strategy Group. Asked whether they 
preferred a candidate who "stands up for what he or she believes" or one who "compromises to get 
things done", a majority (50 percent) choose the former option. 
EFTA01189404
--- PAGE 14 ---
■ Stands Up for Their Beliefs 
■ Compromises to Get Things Done 
50% 
43% 
All Voters 
36% 
53% 
40% 
64% 
28% 
Democrats 
Independents 
Republicans 
While the seven-point gap isn't massive, Pollock notes that "its significance is underscored by the fact 
that the candidate standing up for beliefs wins the contest among every demographic group 
regardless of gender, age or region." The conclusion from that data point, however, should not be 
that people prefer inaction to action, according to the memo. Instead, what should be concluded is that 
the word "compromise" — or "consensus" amounts to capitulation in many peoples' minds. 
Consider this follow up question in which people were asked to choose between a candidate who "finds 
middle ground" and one who works to "reach consensus". The "find middle ground" option won a 
majority of support. The margin was even wider when respondents were asked to choose between a 
candidate working to "find a middle ground" and one "open to new ideas" — with more than six in ten 
choosing the latter concept. 
2,Image courtesy of Global Strategy Group 
"Voters clearly want leaders who listen and work together but reaching consensus somewhere in the 
middle ground between right and left is not good enough," reads the memo. "They want candidates 
with news ideas that go beyond the stale and stalled partisan agendas of both sides." 
Now, a piece of that conclusion is patently obvious. People like new, fresh ideas — in their politicians 
and in every other aspect of their lives. New ideas are inherently more appealing than the ones we are 
familiar with already — whether or not they are better ideas. But, that point aside, the polling data 
makes a compelling case that "compromise" is a political loser as White House and Congress begin 
(again, again) to start talks about the possibility of a grand bargain around the budget deadline and 
debt ceiling. 
EFTA01189405
--- PAGE 15 ---
■ Common Sense Solutions 
■ Compromise 
76% 
78% 
All Voters 
Independents 
■ Reasonable Solutions 
Compromise 
75% 
71% 
22% 
All Voters 
Independents 
"Compromise" is dead. Long live "common sense solutions". 
A major unsung crisis in America is the out-of-control student debt which is growing exponentially and 
now exceeds the size credit card debt in the U.S. And unlike credit card debt, it can't be absolved 
through bankruptcy and will follow to you to the grave if not settled. The U.S. is one of few remaining 
countries in the Industrialized world that still saddles its citizens with huge amounts of student debts. 
And in a world where robots are replacing manual functions, education and job training are the 
escalators to better jobs and upward economic mobility. Both our politicians and public are consumed 
by the federal deficit, claiming that it is saddling future generations with enormous debt, while 
ignoring the fact that the 2013 Class of college graduates are facing an average of $35,200 in college-
related debt; between student loans, credit cards and money owed to family members. More than 38 
million Americans have outstanding student loan debt totaling more than $1 trillion, and those numbers 
are rising fast, making it one of the most serious problems facing the country. 
; b2,Inline image 1 
The bulk of the class of 2013's debt is in government loans, with graduates owing an average of 
$26,000. They also had an average of $19,000 in private loans, $18,000 in state loans, $13,000 in 
personal and family loans and $3,000 in credit card debt. After realizing the extent of their debt, 39% 
said they would have done things differently -- like saving earlier, more thoroughly researching 
financial aid or looking for ways to save more and spend less while at school -- that's up from 25% in 
2011. A small group, or 12% of graduates, regretted their decisions entirely, saying their college 
education didn't justify the debt burden. But now they're forced to face reality. Half of respondents 
said tackling their student debt is a financial priority, and half said it will take them more than nine 
years to become debt-free. 
The majority, or 92%, say they will pay back their debt using income from their job, 25% said they will 
get help from their parents or family, 24% will use their savings and 21% will get a second job. About 
7% of graduates don't plan on ever being able to entirely pay off their loans. Others started taldng 
action earlier to try to soften the blow. About 85% of college graduates contributed their own money 
toward college costs -- with 27% reporting that they contributed more than $10,000. And 57% said 
they chose their major specifically because they thought it would land them a higher-paying job. But 
EFTA01189406
--- PAGE 16 ---
the reality is that many of these students will still be paying off loans well into their 3os and 40s, 
causing many to put of marriage and families and leading to the current trend of 30 and 40 year olds 
moving back home with their parents. 
The saddest thing is that it is the least affluent (bottom 25% in net worth) who owe the most, 58% of all 
student debt, while the Top io% owe less than 3% of all student debt, even though they generally have 
the pick of the best and most expensive colleges and universities. As a result, the delinquency of 
student loan debt is soaring. This places a huge economic burden on those students and families who 
can least afford it. 
Which makes perfect sense: because since the recession consumers have aggressively deleveraged their 
revolving balances and replaced them with cheaper forms of credit. The good news is that although 
the economy is not growing as fast as the rebounds of past recessions, we have enjoyed steady growth 
for the past 41 months and companies are now hiring again. But like healthcare, shouldn't education 
be a government priority, as it was the GI Bill in the 1950s that was the catalyst that ignited the biggest 
economic boom in America's history, and it was education that helped transform China into the second 
largest economic power on the planet in less than thirty years? The best investment that any 
government can make is in educating its people. So why are we saddling ours with decades of debt, 
which stifles education, especially for those who need it the most so that they can move upward 
economically? 
For those who would like to read more I invite you to read the attached Mother Jones articles by 
Erika Eichelberger, Maggie Severn, and Brett Brownell - Student Loan Debt Is a Beast. Here 
Are Elizabeth Warren's, President Obama's, and the GOP's Plans to Fix It - as well as, The 
Student Loan Debt Crisis in 9 Charts - and Delin uencies On Student Loans Surpass 
Those On Credit Card Debt - by Tyler Durden on 
Most people have heard the name but if you asked the average American who is Larry Summers, few 
could answer the question, especially if you also asked what does or he did. Larry Summers has been a 
ally of Wall Street throughout his public service and finally Congress realized that this could not 
continue, mounting an opposition that led to him withdrawing his name from consideration to succeed 
Ben Bernanke as head of the Federal Reserve System in 2014. 
Wildpedia: Lawrence Henry "Larry" Summers (born November 30, 1954) is an American economist. 
He served as the 71st United States Secretary of the Treasury from 1999 to 2001 under President Bill 
Clinton. He was Director of the White House United States National Economic Council for President 
Barack Obama from January 2009 until November 2010. Summers is the Charles W. Eliot University 
Professor at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government. He is the 1993 recipient of the John 
Bates Clark Medal for his work in several fields of economics. 
Summers also served as the 27th President of Harvard University from 2001 to 2006. Summers 
resigned as Harvard's president in the wake of a no-confidence vote by Harvard faculty that resulted in 
large part from Summers's conflict with Cornel West, financial conflict of interest questions regarding 
his relationship with Andrei Shleifer, and a 2005 speech in which he suggested that the under-
representation of women in science and engineering could be due to a "different availability of aptitude 
at the high end", and less to patterns of discrimination and socialization. 
Upon the nomination of Barack Obama as President in January 2009, Summers was appointed to the 
post of Director of the National Economic Council. In this position Summers emerged as a key 
economic decision-maker in the Obama administration, where he attracted both praise and criticism. 
There had been friction between Summers and former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, as 
EFTA01189407
--- PAGE 17 ---
Volcker accused Summers of delaying the effort to organize a panel of outside economic advisers, and 
Summers had cut Volcker out of White House meetings and had not shown interest in collaborating on 
policy solutions to the economic crisis. On the other hand, Obama himself was reportedly thrilled with 
the work Summers did in his first few weeks on the job. And Peter Orszag, another top economic 
advisor, called Summers "one of the world's most brilliant economists." According to Henry Kissinger 
Larry Summers should "be given a White House post in which he was charged with shooting down or 
fixing bad ideas." 
In January 2009, as the Obama Administration tried to pass an economic stimulus spending bill, 
Representative Peter DeFazio (D-OR.) criticized Summers, saying that he thought that President 
Barack Obama is "ill-advised by Larry Summers. Larry Summers hates infrastructure." DeFazio, along 
with liberal economists including Paul ICrugman and Joseph Stiglitz, had argued that more of the 
stimulus should be spent on infrastructure, while Summers had supported tax cuts. In late 2008, 
Summers and economic advisors for then-President-elect Obama presented a memo with options for 
an economic stimulus package ranging from $550 billion to $900 billion. According to The New 
Republic, economic advisor Christina Romer initially recommended a $1.8-trillion package, which 
proposal Summers quickly rejected, believing any stimulus approaching $1 trillion would not pass 
through Congress. Romer revised her recommendation to $1.2 trillion, which Summers agreed to 
include in the memo, but Summers struck the figure at the last minute. 
According to the Wall Street Journal, Summers called Senator Chris Dodd (D-CT) asking him to 
remove caps on executive pay at firms that have received stimulus money, including Citigroup. 
On April 3, 2009 Summers came under renewed criticism after it was disclosed that he was paid 
millions of dollars the previous year by companies which he now has influence over as a public servant. 
He earned $5 million from the hedge fund D. E. Shaw, and collected $2.7 million in speaking fees 
from Wall Street companies that received government bailout money. 
Since leaving the NEC in December 2010 Summers has worked for hedge fund D. E. Shaw & Co, 
Citigroup and NASDAQ OMX Group. In June 2011 Summer joined the board of directors of Square, a 
company developing an electronic payment service, and became a special adviser at venture capital 
firm Andreessen Horowitz. He joined the board of person-to-person lending company Lending Club 
in December 2012. 
Summers also has been authoring a column for the Financial Times. Upon the death of Milton 
Friedman, Summers wrote an Op-Ed in The New York Times entitled "The Great Liberator" 
arguing that "any honest Democrat will admit that we are now all Friedmanites." In it Summers wrote 
that even though Friedman's contributions to monetary policy had been highly lauded, his most 
important contribution may have been "in convincing people of the importance of allowing free 
markets to operate." 
In 2013, Summers emerged as one of two leading candidates, along with Janet Yellen, to succeed Ben 
Bernanke as head of the Federal Reserve System in 2014. On September 15, Summers voluntarily 
withdrew his name from consideration for the position. Abe Lincoln was right, "you can fool all of the 
people some of the time and some of the people all of the time but you can't fool all of the people all of 
the time." And the comeuppance that Larry Summers and his supporters realized this weekend. is that 
Abe Lincoln was and is right. Please feel free to read Robert Kuttner's article in The Huffington Post 
-- Summer's End. 
As someone who has suffered two severe strokes due in part to high blood pressure, I took great 
interest when a dear friend sent me an article from MailOnline - Garlic can lower blood 
pressure by io%... but only if you take it in tablet form - by Jenny Hope. Even if you don't 
have high blood pressure, I urge everyone to take blood pressure seriously and monitor it regularly, as 
high blood pressure can lead to many types of serious illnesses, including strokes, heart attacks, organ 
failure and loss of vision, among other things. 
EFTA01189408
--- PAGE 18 ---
• Those with hypertension, or high blood pressure, could control their condition better by adding 
garlic to conventional medication 
• Eating the real thing would not have the same effect - allicin is produced when raw garlic is 
crushed but much is destroyed during cooking 
• Garlic could help cut blood pressure by 10 per cent — but only if you take it in the form of tablets, 
claim scientists. 
Twelve weeks of treatment with garlic tablets led to a 'significant' cut in blood pressure, slashing the 
risk of a heart attack or stroke, according to a review of evidence. 
Researchers claim those with hypertension, or high blood pressure, could control their condition 
better by adding garlic to conventional medication. 
The review of 21 studies on humans found supplements of dried garlic containing a guaranteed dose of 
the active ingredient allicin consistently led to reductions in blood pressure. 
But eating the real thing would not have the same effect, says the review. Although allicin is produced 
when raw garlic is crushed or chewed, much of it is destroyed during cooking. 
The tablets also have the significant advantage of not producing the bad breath associated with eating 
fresh garlic. 
The review looked at supplements with a guaranteed allicin yield of 1.8mg per dose. 
The earliest authoritative clinical trial to be published in 1990 found taking Kwai brand garlic tablets 
led to a significant fall in blood pressure of 10 per cent within 12 weeks. 
More studies conducted since 1990 have demonstrated significant blood pressure lowering effects 
from dried garlic releasing allicin at 1.8mg per dose. 
Not all garlic preparations release allicin in significant, standardised amounts, says the review by 
nutritionist Dr Pamela Mason in the journal Complete Nutrition. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTES 
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over 
us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators 
and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country. 
Franklin D. Roosevelt 
True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and 
independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which 
dictatorships are made. 
Franklin D. Roosevelt 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week's I started out paying tribute to the many great male/female duos musical R&B groups of the 
1960s and 1970s which led me into the 1980s, 1990s and the 2000s, as well as expanding into pop and 
country music and finally ending with a bonus track from Guns N Roses' Knocking — On Heaven's 
Door (Live in Tokyo), which I hope that you enjoy because the journey of compiling it was big musical 
fun and a wonderful trip through memory lane. One example, I remember sitting at Woody's table in 
the famed Elaine's restaurant with a group of gorgeous women and former NY Governor dropped by 
EFTA01189409
--- PAGE 19 ---
my table serenading us singing, To All the Girls I've Loved Before, while his friend accompanied him 
by playing spoons on his knee.... To everyone's amazement, including Elaine. And that many of you 
from my generation probably remembers getting down to Peaches & Herb, Marvin Gaye & Tammi 
Terrell, grinding with your favorite girl or guy in those 6os basement parties that we all looked forward 
to every Saturday night. Donny, Roberta, Billy Syreeta, Rick, Teena, Luther, Mariah, Patti, Celine 
Pararotti and JayZ continued that tradition in their music genre so again, please enjoy this eclectic 
musical selection and I hope at least one song endears wonderful memories. 
Peaches & Herb — Reunited -- http://youtu.be/26JOuDIGErM 
Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell — If This World Were Mine -- httpl/youtu.be/3liigcggriU 
Donny Hathaway & Roberta Flack — The Closer I Get to You -- http4/youtu.be/rR4oeUbVdQY
Rick James & Teena Marie — Fire & Desire -- http://youtu.be/43DoDs Zt5Q and 
http://youtu.be/O1.7xo
Luther Vandross & Mariah Carey -  Endless Love -- httpjjyoutu.be/Nu9RVPTpDyA 
Billy Preston & Syreeta - With You I am Born Again -- httpjllyoutu.be/QmM8a(&4Lg 
Luther Vandross & Cheryl Lynn Duet — If this world were mine -- http://youtu.be/MaENjtztgb4
Patti LaBelle & Luther Vandross — If Only For One Night -- httmllyoutu.be/onoFIPOTG2I 
Patti LaBelle & Michael McDonald — On My Own -- http://youtu.be/KsH63qaVI
Celine Dion & Brian McKnight — Beauty & The Beast -- http://youtu.be/LwSgXS8AnzA 
Mariah Carey & Luciano Pavarotti — Hero --
v= 
=share&list=PLB81.5a4A35ff5F6DD 
Mariah Carey & Boyz II Men - One Sweet Day --
v=nxvDf6usxY&feature=share&list=PLB815g_4A356F5F6DD
Willie Nelson & Julio Iglesias - To All the Girls I've Loved Before --
http://youtu.behri2AXi4eRbk
Jay-Z & Mary j. Blige - Can't Knock the Hustle -- httpj/jyoutu.be/OBILx8NB-Uc 
JAY Z & Alicia Keys — Empire State of Mind -- httpljyoutu.be/oUjsXogl6I 
Guns N' Roses — Knocking On Heaven's Door -- http://youtu.be/XiZRBPA8SKo 
Again, I am sorryfor the delay and I hope that you have enjoyed this week's 
offerings as I wish you a great week. 
Sincerely, 
Greg Brown 
Gregory BMW!, 
Chairman & CEO 
GlotolCast Panne/a. LLC 
US: +141S-994-7851 
Tel: +1-800-406-5892 
Fax: +1-310-861-0927 
EFTA01189410
--- PAGE 20 ---
Sk c: browi
ndi 
EFTA01189411

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189412.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
EFTA01189412

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: 510500/K 
Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2013 11:39:18 +0000 
Attachments: 00088 smalljpg; 00089 smalljpg 
Please confirm captains chairs in oyster white is OK 
On 9/16/13 3:29 AM, "Adam Zygowski" a 
wrote: 
>Please see the chairs on the enclosed pictures. 
>The chairs are black in standard, however we plan to make Oyster white 
>upholstery for you (the same color as the other seats). 
>Best regards 
>Adam Zygowski 
>Dnia 13-09-2013 o 14:26:37 Richard Kahn •t:
Ila> 
>napisal(a): 
>> Can we please see a previously finished S 10500 cockpit as we do not see 
>> chairs for captain 
» Thank you 
» From: Adam Zygowski
>> Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2013 12:30:41 +0200 
» To: Richard Kahn 
>> Subject: S10500/K 
» Hi Richard, 
>> Enclosed please find our suggestion for the benches inside the cabin. 
>> On previous boats we made GRP benches, however these ones, made of 
>> stainless 
» steel, would be more neat. 
>> In the passage there would be a foldable seat - the question is do you 
» need 
» it? 
» Best regards 
»Adam Zygowski 
>--
>SPORTIS S.A. 
>tel. 
EFTA01189413
--- PAGE 2 ---
>mob. + 
>fax: 
>Rejestracja: Sąd Rejonowy Gdańsk Północ Oddział w Gdańsku, 
>VIII Wydział Gospodarczy ICRS nr 0000067475, 
>kapitał zakładowy: 2.058.170 PLN w całości opłacony. 
>Regon 191726929, NIP 588-18-40-279 
>Registered with no: 0000067475 in Regional Court Gdańsk-Połnoc in Gdańsk. 
>Share capital: 2.058.170 PLN Paid. VAT UE: PL 5881840279 
EFTA01189414

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189415.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barton Aeroacoustics, Inc. 
Invoice JE 01 
Prepared for JEGE LLC 
February 20, 2014 
Barton Aeroacoustics, Inc. 
FIN 33-1108323 
1007 Grove Park Ln 
Orange Park, FL 32073 
c-mail: 
Consulting Services 
Cabin Noise Survey with Report on G-IV s/n 1085 
$ 2,000.00 
Three days consulting services 
$ 3,000.00 
Jax airport parking, 3 days at $14/day 
$ 
42.00 
Total this Invoice 
$ 5,042.00 
EFTA01189415

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189416.pdf
----------------------------------------
THE BEIS 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
114 
L C 
EFTA01189416
--- PAGE 2 ---
SITE ANALYSIS 
HUDSON 
RIVER 
RIVERSIDE PARK 
COMPLETING THE VISION 
BUILDING OUR FUTURE 
555 WEST END AVENUE NY NY 10024 
.
4.....?0, 
.., . 
o
. 
4, _ 
X1::= 
.1. T CiigI 
,44,4{ A.. v,...- 
,o0,6-/ 
wii. .44p; 
len  
a
li st
. 4
 . 
;),/ 
,./Iiip 
, 86 SeSt.tion 
41.• 
• 
.44t'k ..:4 4 
i 
1-'1'4, 
•'- 
• '
,
411 
141. 
Alp , 
4, ., /li t, z 
it ifi,; 
1,:•• 
/ 
• 
/ 
4. 
44* 
4;' 
/44.
 it 
f 4p:
'co's, • 
.  *iv." 
.t,t,L44.• / 
.. 
4rizi; 
lb., •• 
EFTA01189417
--- PAGE 3 ---
555 WEST END AVENUE NEW YORK 
THE But: 
BASEMENT PLAN PROPOSED 
Multi-Purpose Room - Lecture & Dining Hall 
/ Banquet Kitchen 
/ Garden Terrace 
/ Maintenance/Storage Room 
/ Staff Lounge 
/ Lobby entrance for floors 4, 5, 6 
WEST 87 STREET 
trance Lobby 
Floors 4-6 
Prow Memen 
Rcan 
WI, /Rang ; ran+, 
Ilia ICUs 
WEST END AVENUE 
•
• 
• 
4111 
▪ 
11111 
Ili 
UP 
THE BEIS 
utzmiena.:”. 
/ 
Storage Roo, 
u' 
■ 
wJ 
Public Spaces 
Elevator 
Stairs 
Utilities 
EFTA01189418
--- PAGE 4 ---
555 WEST END AVENUE NEW YORK 
THE BETS 
LEVEL 01 PLAN PROPOSED 
/ Main Sanctuat - Jewish Learning Exchange 
/ Grand Entrance Foyer 
/ Reception 
I Networking Lounge / Special Needs Services 
/ Administration 
/ Library & Teen Lounge 
WEST 87 STREET 
THE BETS 
lento I Tartar. 
Mat Duna, 
MarbittAng 
Congo 
WEST END AVENUE 
o alacanaOl i
• UQUCWOU 
• 
Ls%) 
tJ1/41U1/4 )0.0 
1/4.; 
IJkJ1/4 0 ‘..1%) 
kJ %I 
1/41‘) 
1/4./ 4.01.711,AJW SJ C.) 
1-WL/CJU I
Vi-04,AJ1/4“..R.) 
it-JC.JUitlUkit.) 
itotnitAJVVJ 
'UN-JUN-/Li 
CY
C.) 
VV LILA) UV%) 
ILA./ WWI) 
• 
Public Spaces 
Elevator 
Stairs 
Utilities 
EFTA01189419
--- PAGE 5 ---
555 WEST END AVENUE NEW YORK 
LEVEL 02 PLAN PROPOSED 
/ Pre-School / Youth Service / Hebrew School Rooms 
/ Creative Play Center 
/ Overflow Gallery for Sanctuary 
/ Educational Resource Room 
00000000 
Raic. 
=I?
lialbl• 
CosSielw Rea 
OPOITONELOW 
UCADOOQUO 99099999 
THE BEIS 
• 
Public Spaces 
Elevator 
Stairs 
Utilities 
EFTA01189420
--- PAGE 6 ---
555 WEST END AVENUE NEW YORK 
THE BEIS 
LEVEL 03 PLAN PROPOSED 
/ Grand Ballroom 
Capacity 400 Guests With Dance Floor 
/ Pre-Function & Reception Halls 
THE BEIS 
 "re 
• 
a 
a 
Pre ruttir Rcorn 
Tr 
la 
Pnauncien Room 
• 
■ 
Public Spaces 
Elevator 
Stairs 
Utilities 
EFTA01189421
--- PAGE 7 ---
555 WEST END AVENUE NEW YORK 
THE BEIS 
LEVEL 04, OS, 06 PLAN PROPOSED 
/ Separate entrance to West 87 St 
/ These floors can be used for residential or institutional rental 
mi 
• 
THE BEIS 
■ 
•
Public Spaces 
Elevator 
Stairs 
Utilities 
EFTA01189422
--- PAGE 8 ---
555 WEST END AVENUE NEW YORK 
THE BEIS 
LEVEL 07 PLAN PROPOSED 
/ Gymnasium 
/ Weights Room 
/ Locker Room Facilities 
THE BEIS 
■ 
• 
Public Spaces 
Elevator 
Stairs 
Utilities 
EFTA01189423
--- PAGE 9 ---
555 WEST ENDAVENUE NEW YORK 
THE BEIS 
LEVEL 08 ROOF PLAN PROPOSED 
Rooftop Terrace 
/ Sukkah/Entertainment Area 
/ Outdoor Barbecue 
0.61001m0 
H 
@ 
THE BEIS 
UP 
■ 
• 
Public Spaces 
Elevator 
Stairs 
Utilities 
EFTA01189424

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic •t:
Ina> 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: Boris 
Date: Thu, 17 Oct 2013 16:57:28 +0000 
Attachments: Certificate of Conversionfrom IMDx LLC_to IMDx_Inc.pdf; 
Common 
toc- 1( Certificate_ for —Boris _Isiikolic.p—df 
_ 
I have a tax question re this. 
Please take a look - not sure what I can do with stock. 
This is in addition to other 500K. 
Please let's discuss when we meet next week. 
Can't wait to see you! 
Thank you 
Boris 
Original Message 
From: Alice Jacobs Nesselrodt [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, October 17, 2013 7:50 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: FW: Boris 
Some additional info 
Alice Jacobs Nesselrodt, M.D. 
Chairman & CEO 
Intelli entMDx 
Phone: 
Cell: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Visit us at 
WE'VE MOVED - Effective October 10 2013 lease send all corres ondence and/or shipments to our new 
Corporate Headquarters located at : 
Please note our telephone, fax numbers and email addresses will all remain the same. 
The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of 
any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. 
EFTA01189425
--- PAGE 2 ---
If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers. 
The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of 
any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. 
If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers. 
Original Message 
From: Matthew Copeland 
Sent: Monday, October 07, 2013 10:49 AM 
To: Alice Jacobs Nesselrodt; Sarah Toomey 
Cc: Joseph Shipman 
Subject: RE: Boris 
Hi Alice, 
Attached is a copy of Boris's common stock certificate and conversion from LLC to Inc. certificate (provided by 
Joe). 
EFTA01189426

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189427.pdf
----------------------------------------
TERM SHEET 
FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY 
PRESENTED BY 
U.S. TRUST, BANK OF AMERICA PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, 
A DIVISION OF BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
("U.S. Trust" or "Bank") 
October 16, 2013 
This Term Sheet and the information contained herein do not constitute a commitment to lend or 
otherwise extend credit on the part of U.S. Trust and is presented for discussion purposes only. This 
Term Sheet is intended as an outline only, and does not purport to summarize all of the terms, 
conditions, covenants, representations, warranties, and other provisions which would be contained 
in definitive legal documentation for the proposed transaction. Any such commitment will be issued 
only in writing subject to appropriate documentation, the terms of which are not limited to those set 
forth herein. The actual terms and conditions upon which U.S. Trust may extend credit is also 
subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence, necessary credit approval and such other terms 
and conditions as determined by U.S. Trust. 
U.S. Trust reserves the right at any time to cancel or modify this Term Sheet and the terms and 
conditions presented for discussion herein for any reason. In any event, this proposal expires on 
November 15, 2013 if the proposed transaction is not closed on or before that date. 
BORROWER: 
GUARANTOR: 
CREDIT FACILITY: 
PURPOSE: 
BJAV Marine Limited 
Unlimited guaranty of payment from Leon Black. 
$18,200,000.00 or up to 70% of the survey value, whichever is 
less. 
Cash out financing of a 1997 54 meter Benetti motor yacht, MY 
"Starfire" (the "Vessel"). 
The Credit Facility will not be used directly or indirectly for the 
purpose of purchasing or carrying "margin stock" as such term 
is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, or to reduce or retire indebtedness 
incurred for such purpose. 
TERM/MATURITY: 
years 
INTEREST RATE: 
Daily floating rate per year equal to the One Month BBA LIBOR 
Daily Floating Rate (as adjusted from time to time in Bank's 
sole discretion for then-applicable reserve requirements, 
deposit insurance assessment rates and other regulatory 
costs) plus 2.00%. 
All calculations of interest and fees shall be made on the basis 
of actual number of days elapsed in a 360-day year 
EFTA01189427
--- PAGE 2 ---
REPAYMENT: 
Monthly interest payments. Fixed monthly principal payments 
based on a 20 year amortization, with a ballon payment in 5 
years. 
All payments of principal and interest shall be made via 
automated debit of Borrower's business checking account with 
the Bank or another financial institution acceptable to the Bank. 
COLLATERAL: 
Perfected First Preferred Ship's Mortgage on the Vessel in the 
St. Vincent;s and the Grenadines.. 
COLLATERAL 
MAINTENANCE The outstanding loan balance of the Vessel, on any date that 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Bank holds a perfected lien thereon, shall be up to a maximum 
of 80% of the fair market value of the vessel. A survey may be 
requested at the Bank's discretion, but no more than once 
annually, to determine fair market value and will be surveyed 
by a third party surveyor acceptable to the Bank. 
INSURANCE: 
PREPAYMENTS: 
Borrower shall furnish the Bank with a Hull & Indemnity 
insurance binder naming Bank of America, 
as Loss Payee 
and include a Breach of Warranty endorsement. The policy 
must be from a company satisfactory to the Bank; must be in 
an amount satisfactory to the Bank; and must include 
provisions for advance written notice to the Bank of any 
intended policy cancellation. 
The Borrower may prepay any loan under the Credit Facility on 
which the interest rate floats daily in whole or in part at any 
time without penalty. 
REPRESENTATIONS 
Usual and customary for transactions of this type as 
AND WARRANTIES 
determined by Bank including but not limited to: 
REPORTING & COVENANTS: 
• 
Guarantors' annual personal financial statement, signed, 
dated and certified to the Bank within 120 days of each 
calendar year-end. 
• 
Copies of the federal income tax returns plus corporate K-
statements filed by Guarantor, within 30 days of filing, 
and, if requested by Bank, copies of any extensions of the 
filing date. 
ADDITIONAL ITEMS REQUIRED 
• Incorporation documentation of the entity that will own the 
FOR CLOSING: 
Vessel 
• Insurance binder for hull and indemnity, with Breach of 
Warranty endorsement, naming Bank as Loss Payee 
EXPENSES: 
Borrower will pay all reasonable costs and expenses 
associated with the preparation of documents, due diligence, 
and closing of the Credit Facility, including, without limitation, 
Bank's attorneys' fees whether or not the Credit Facility is 
closed. While this proposal does not constitute a commitment 
of the Bank, the signature of Borrower below will bind the 
EFTA01189428
--- PAGE 3 ---
Borrower to pay the expenses described in this paragraph. 
TAXES: 
EXPIRATION DATE: 
Borrower and any Guarantor shall be liable for all withholding, 
documentary stamp or other taxes or similar charges due in 
connection with the Credit Facility as set forth in Bank's 
standard loan documents. 
Unless otherwise extended in writing by the Bank, the Bank will 
no longer consider this proposal unless signed and accepted 
below by October 21, 2013. 
Bank hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, Title III of Pub. 
L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) (the "Act"), Bank is required to obtain, verify and record 
information that identifies Borrower, which information includes Borrower's legal name, address, social 
security number or tax ID number and other information that will allow Bank to identify Borrower in 
accordance with the Act. If guarantees are requested, the Bank will also require information regarding 
each guarantor, such as legal name, address, social security number or tax ID number and date of birth. 
This Term Sheet contains confidential and proprietary loan structuring and pricing information. 
Except for disclosure on a confidential basis to Borrower's accountants, attorneys and other 
professional advisors retained by Borrower in connection with the Credit Facility or as may be 
required by law, the contents of the Term Sheet may not be disclosed in whole or in part to any other 
person or entity without Bank's prior written consent, provided that nothing herein shall restrict 
disclosure of information relating to the tax structure or tax treatment of the proposed Credit Facility. 
If Borrower finds the terms and conditions of this proposal to be acceptable, kindly indicate 
Borrower's interest in pursuing continued discussion of the proposed Credit Facility by signing below 
and returning it to the undersigned by no later than the Expiration Date. Upon receipt on or before that 
date of the signed copy of this Term Sheet from Borrower, Bank may commence negotiations for the 
proposed Credit Facility and discuss with Borrower the due diligence and other investigations which 
Bank would have to undertake in order for the Bank to determine whether to actually make the Credit 
Facility available, including without limitation, requesting consumer credit reports to verify the 
creditworthiness of the credit parties. 
EFTA01189429
--- PAGE 4 ---
We appreciate the opportunity to provide Borrower with the financial services of U.S. Trust and look 
forward to a continuing mutually beneficial relationship. 
Sincerely, 
Bank of America, M. 
By: 
Name: Jane R. Heller 
Title: Managing Director 
Accepted and agreed to this 
day of October, 2013 
Leon D. Black 
EFTA01189430

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189431.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Wire Confirmation 
Date: Thu. 17 Oct 2013 20:34:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: Mail_Attachment.gif; Mail_Attachment(I).gif; Mail_Attachment(2).gif 
Attached is wire from Leon and Debra joint account 
which is the same account two previous wires came fmm which i will send in next email 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
tel
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Amanda Kirby 
Subject: Wire Confirmation 
Date: October 15. 2013 4:14:37 PM EDT 
To: 
Cc: 
u Paul Morris 
Classr0cation: Pudic 
Rich. 
I can confirm that we have receavee the $8.500.000.00 wire Into account 
(SouthemTrust) The screenshot of this confirmation Is betm 
EFTA01189431
--- PAGE 2 ---
Best 
Amanda Kirby 
CAI 
AineNSIKfty 
Associate 
DoutienoBaniaNOCom 
AmMois 
EmM 
fknicricfrTheftwon. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche bank does not render legal or tax advico, and tho information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189432

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189433.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: wires 
Date: Thu, 17 Oct 2013 20:35:24 +0000 
Attachments: 
.pdf 
two additional wires that came from Leon and Debra joint account 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
fax
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: October 17. 2013 4:05:11 PM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01189433

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189434.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 26 Aug 2015 13:17:06 +0000 
Inline-Images: MSMAF_cover 6-23-15.jpg 
you mean there is something else in life? 
I invented something very cool (in part because of my excursion into online dating 4 years ago) 
I have ni die how to sell it 
so the real answer, as always, is frustrated 
( alos have a new online hi tech HS I can't sell because, in part, of your buddy Bill) 
and this just out (which I know you don't care about) 
EFTA01189434
--- PAGE 2 ---
Solutions for Modern Learning 
Make SCh001 
Meaningful And Fun! 
A 
Roger C. Schank 
On Aug 26, 2015, at 9:11 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
marriage money, china is a non event. 
On Wed, Aug 26, 2015 at 9:09 AM, roger schank .1.1
> wrote: 
EFTA01189435
--- PAGE 3 ---
what you were really asking... 
marriage: oy vey 
On Aug 26, 2015, at 8:58 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
thanks, you ok? 
On Wed, Aug 26, 2015 at 8:52 AM, roger schank < 
wrote: 
in case you want to take a challenging course 
http://www.dataanalyticsacademy.com
On Apr 25, 2014, at 10:16 AM, jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
A book written in 06. . boring beyond belief. how about showing kids what the final web page should 
/ could look like on first page. no interactive . roger this is nuts. I am slogging through and I am 
motivated. kahn academy far exceeds this, far. and they suck big time 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 6:35 AM, roger schank < 
wrote: 
learning from experience is best done in simulation first; when it matters money has been spent on 
god simulations (air flight; tanks fighting etc); we have built what we call social (as oppose to 
physical) simulation for business and military -- it is how I make a living); they are not physical 
experiences, and keeping costs down is always an issue, but they seem real enough 
but computer science is very different; if you want to build something in CS there is nothing to 
simulate since the computer is doing that naturally; you are already in the real environment; the 
computer speaks a language and you must learn it; 
if I wanted to teach you a foreign language (which I have done too) I could put you in that country in 
simulation and you could try talking; still to start you would need to learn some words first; our 
language programs assumed you knew some already but you dont know any HTML; so you must 
learn it first; since books have done this, we hae no need to replicate them; so this not representative 
of what we usually build; we already have a computer that speaks he langguage; we dont already 
have a simulated medical or legal environment for example so we would have to build it and then we 
could throw you in 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 10:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and the differeence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. ? I am goign 
to conitinue because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank < 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
> wrote: 
EFTA01189436
--- PAGE 4 ---
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus. northwestern university 
EFTA01189437
--- PAGE 5 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
John Evans Professor Emeritus, Northwestern U 
CEO Socratic Arts 
CEO XTOL 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
John Evans Professor Emeritus, Northwestern U 
CEO Socratic Arts 
CEO XTOL 
EFTA01189438
--- PAGE 6 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
John Evans Professor Emeritus, Northwestern U 
CEO Socratic Arts 
CEO XTOL 
EFTA01189439

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' <jcevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 17 Oct 2013 22:16:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: image002.jpg; image004.jpg; image006.jpg 
No. The Apple TV (3rd generation- latest and greatest) does work but requires internet access. 
You have internet access on board your aircraft through the Aircell system when you are above 10.000 feet over the 
continental USA. 
Since you do not have intemet access when on the ground, we tested the system using Larry's phone set up as a hot spot 
and played a movie that was stored on his i-Pad. 
The reason that you need to have internet access is because the movie studios have been trying to combat aftermarket 
bootleg piracy on DVD's (china) and other forms of distribution (internet) so they have gone directly to the manufacturers of 
equipment that play their content or distribute their content electronically with tools such as 'image restraint tokens' or in 
this case, with Apple TV blocking movies from playing unless they can verify that it is an authentic licensed movie. 
Since Larry / you are looking to play a movie that you have stored on an i-Pad while either on the ground or perhaps in St. 
Thomas where your aircraft does not have internet coverage, we suggested to Larry that he purchase a "jailbreak' Apple 
TV 2 on ebay (and I believe he ordered one late this afternoon?). 
These computer geeks hack the Apple 2 iOS software (they have not figured out how to hack the 3rd generation yet) and 
go into the coding to essentially disarm the requirement to verify the movie contents authenticity. 
Based upon our verification with Larry today, you should be able to watch a movie that is on your i-Pad once you are above 
10,000 feet all the way through Florida. 
Eric 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
C 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, October 17, 2013 5:36 PM 
To: Eric Roth 
Subject: 
larry tells me the apple tv does not work with movies? ? ? what happened? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA01189440
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189441

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189442.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Ma
>
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: thank YOU 
Date: Fri, 18 Oct 2013 16:41:38 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg 
EFTA01189442
--- PAGE 2 ---
I 
w ow' 
elreth\ 
I 1 
:1"--1 
,f 4A 4LZ 
c-11 r -
a 
I 
r 
EFTA01189443
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 18, 2013, at 10:20 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmad.com> wrote: 
congragualtiaons 
************************* 
********************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jsevacatiotagmailson, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189444

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189445.pdf
----------------------------------------
High-protein diet 'as bad for health as smoking - Telegraph 
05/03/2014 10:19 
High-protein diet 'as bad for health as smoking' 
Research finds that people who eat diet rich in animal protein carry similar cancer risk to 
those who smoke 2O cigarettes each day 
"We provide convincing evidence that a high-protein diet — particularly if the proteins are derived from animals — is nearly 
as bad as smoking for your health," said Dr Valter Longo, of the university Photo: Alamy 
By Sarah Knapton, Science Correspondent 
10:00PM GMT 04 Mar 2014 
Eating too much protein could be as dangerous as smoking for middle-aged people, a scientific study 
has found. 
Research which tracked thousands of adults for nearly 20 years found that people who eat a diet rich 
in animal protein are four times more likely to die of cancer than someone with a low protein diet. 
The risk is nearly as high as the danger of developing cancer by smoking 20 cigarettes each day. 
Previous studies have shown a link between cancer and red meat, but it is the first time research has 
measured the risk of death caused by regularly eating too much protein. 
http://www.telegraph.co.uktsctenceiscience-newsf10676877/Hrgh-protein-diet-as-bad-for-health-as-smoking.html 
Page 1 of 3 
EFTA01189445
--- PAGE 2 ---
High-protein diet 'as bad for health as smoking' - Telegraph 
05/03/2014 10:19 
Nutritional advice has traditionally focused on cutting down on fat, sugar and salt. The World Health 
Organisation will announce a consultation today suggesting that guidelines on sugar consumption 
should be lowered, but there have few warnings about excess protein. 
The US study found that people with a high protein diet were 74 per cent more likely to die of any 
cause within the study period than their low-protein counterparts. They were also several times more 
likely to die of diabetes. But this trend appeared to reverse for those aged over 65, researchers found. 
High-protein food plans, such as the Atkins Diet, have become popular in recent years because of 
their dramatic weight-loss results. 
The new research from the University of Southern California suggests that such dieters may harm 
themselves in the long run. 
"We provide convincing evidence that a high-protein diet — particularly if the proteins are derived 
from animals - is nearly as bad as smoking for your health," said Dr Valter Longo, of the university. 
The researchers define a "high-protein" diet as deriving at least 20 per cent of daily calories from 
protein. They recommend consuming about 0.8g (0.030z) of protein per kilogram of body weight 
every day in middle age. It means a person weighing nine stone should eat about 45-50g (1.6-1.7oz) 
of protein a day. A 300g (10.5oz) steak contains 77g (2.7oz) of protein. 
As well as red meat, dairy products high in protein are also dangerous, the researchers said. A 200m1 
(7fl oz) glass of milk represents 12 per cent of the recommended daily allowance, while a 40g (1.40z) 
slice of cheese contains 20 per cent. 
Chicken, fish, pulses, vegetables, nuts and grain are healthier sources of protein. However, a chicken 
breast or salmon fillet still accounts for about 40 per cent of recommended daily protein intake. 
"The research shows that a low-protein diet in middle age is useful for preventing cancer and overall 
mortality," said Dr Eileen Crimmins, a co-author of the study. 
"However, we also propose that at older ages, it may be important to avoid a low-protein diet to allow 
the maintenance of healthy weight and protection from frailty." 
British experts agreed that cutting down on red meat had been proven to lower the risk of cancer but 
said a balanced diet was still the best option. 
Dr Gunter Kuhnle, a food nutrition scientist at the University of Reading, said: "While this study 
http://wiw.telegraph.co.uk/science/science-news/10676877/High-protein-diet-as-bad-for-health-as-smoking.html 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA01189446
--- PAGE 3 ---
High-protein diet 'as bad for health as smoking' - Telegraph 
05/03/2014 10:19 
raises some interesting perspectives on links between protein intake and mortality... It is wrong, and 
potentially even dangerous, to compare the effects of smoking with the effect of meat and cheese." 
He claimed that sending out such statements "can damage the effectiveness of important public health 
messages", adding: "The smoker thinks: 'why bother quitting smoking if my cheese and ham 
sandwich is just as bad for me?' " 
Prof Naveed Saattar, an expert in metabolic medicine at Glasgow University, said the low-protein 
effect in older people could be due to "survival bias", where those who have lived longer are already 
generally healthier. 
Protein controls the growth hormone IGF-I, which helps bodies grow but has been linked to cancer 
susceptibility. 
Prof Tim Key, a Cancer Research UK epidemiologist, said: "Further research is needed to establish 
whether there is any link between eating a high protein diet and an increased risk of middle aged 
people dying from cancer." 
The study was published in the journal Cell: Metabolism allow the maintenance of healthy weight and 
protection from frailty." 
British experts agreed that cutting down on red meat had been proven to lower the risk of cancer but 
said a balanced diet was still the best option. 
How we moderate Our new look 
© Copyright of Telegraph Media Group Limited 2014 
http://www.telegraph.co.ukiscience/science-news/10676877/High-protein-diet-as-bad-for-health-as-smoking.html 
Page 3 of 3 
EFTA01189447

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189448.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
lvjet 
Date: Sat, 19 Oct 2013 23:04:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01189448
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189449
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189450

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Date: Sat, 19 Oct 2013 23:19:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01189451
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189452
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189453

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189454.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Today 
Date: Sun, 20 Oct 2013 01:39:43 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
It's beautiful here! 
Diner! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189454
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189455

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189456.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John look 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Oct 2013 13:01:56 +0000 
Attachments: tYTPHNBKzCYlAyMn7w5x7oKoweCumLFd-YvKb2sMSFU.jpeg 
EFTA01189456

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189457.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189457

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189458.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John look 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Oct 2013 13:03:15 +0000 
Attachments: wYNcxqNcLS5B4ygX2FkeJGINsm3-MT1zPb5fqEBE4FA.jpeg 
EFTA01189458

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189459.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189459

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189460.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bcc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
Gregory Brown
undisclosed-recipients:; 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 10/20/2013 
Sun, 20 Oct 2013 14:55:15 +0000 
Debt-
ceiling_breach_would_push_economy_into_fite_fall,without_a_govemment_safety_net_T 
WP_October 14,2013.docx; 
The Heartache _of an Immigrant Family_Sonia_Nazorio_NYT_October_14,2013.docx; 
How the_shutiown derailed the—Republican_rebranding_campaign_Scott_Clement_&_Se 
an Salivan TWP ectober_15„1013.docx; 
How the_GbP SliTmly_Wentinsane_Jon_Lovett_The_Atlantic_October_16„2013.docx; 
Reasons_ Why_ American Politics_Has_Become_An_Apocalyptic_Mess_Howard_Fine 
man Huff ost I ) 16 20137docx; 
Viewmg_U.S._m_Fear_and_Dismay_Damien_Cave_NYT_October_16,2013.docx; Fast-
Food_Wages_Come_With_a_$7_Billion_Side_of_Public_Assistance_BLOOMBERG_BUSI 
NESSWEEK_10_16_2013.docx; 
Republicanslhollow_defeat_Eugene_Robinson_TWP_October_17,_2013.docx; 
Transcript,President_Obama's_Oct._17_remar_=?WINDOWS-1252?Q? 
ks_on_the_budget_deal=5FOctober_17,_2013.docx?=; U2_bio.docx 
image.png; image(1).png; image(2).png; image(3).png; image(4).png; image(5).png; 
image(6).png; image(7).png; image(8).png; image(9).png; image(10).png; image(11).png; 
image(12).png; image(I3).png; image(14).png; image(I5).png; image(16).png; 
image(17).png; image(I8).png; image(19).png 
DEAR FRIEND 
It was interesting watching the Sunday morning network news programs last weekend. Watching in 
amazement how Republicans and the media has shaped-shifted both history and facts. First of all, if 
my memory serves me correctly the initial issue that Congressional Republicans claimed would destroy 
the American economy is Obamacare, and that unless President Obama and the Democrats either 
defund or delay its implementation they would force a government shutdown. And they did. Then 
when they realized that they could not rollover the President forcing him to accept their terms 
(because they felt that they had been successful in bullying him in 2011) and universally it was realize 
byall that their actions were both extremely stupid and worse, dangerous — they then tried to re-
frame the shutdown as the President, Harry Reid and the Democrats refusing to compromise. What 
truly outraged me were the Sunday pundits, suggesting that maybe the President and the Democrats 
give an olive branch, allowing Republican House Speaker John Boehner to save face and lay claim that 
their actions were somehow valid. 
The difficulty with the Republican's position was that the longer that the shutdown continued, 
American voters, the business and international communities and the press beginning to openly 
criticize the Tea Party and other Republican leaders who force this ridiculously and idiotic flawed 
strategy. By Monday with the possible default on government obligations just three days away 
Republicans claimed that Senate Democratic leaders — believing they had a political advantage in the 
continuing fiscal impasse — refused last Sunday to sign on to any deal that would have reopen the 
government and locked in budget cuts for next year. The problem with that bogus assertion is that 
even if that kind of deal was on the table, the Republican leadership in the house were afraid to bring it 
EFTA01189460
--- PAGE 2 ---
to a floor vote because of their fears of alienating their colleagues in the hard right. But then how did 
we go from defunding the Affordable Healthcare Act to 'out-of-control Democratic spending,' as the 
central issue perpetuating the shutdown? People forget that it was Reaganites in the 198os who first 
claimed that "deficits doesn't matter" during the 198os, as a way to get their treasured 'Reagan 
tax cuts' passed. 
Web Link: 
minutes/2013/09/25/4a9cbcb4-2570-11e3-b3e9-d97fb087acd6_video.html 
Since 1980, the debt ceiling has been raised 42 times. It was raised 17 times under Ronald Reagan, 
four times under Bill Clinton and seven times under George W. Bush. Congress is currently in a 
contentious debate with the White House on whether to raise the ceiling again by mid-October, which 
would be the sixth increase under Barack Obama. In the graph below the bars indicate the debt each 
year. 
Party In control 
■ Democrats 
■ Republicans 
Debt ceiling 
The public debt 
subject to the debt 
limit was 516.68 
trillion as of Aug. 31. 
INNaMMA= 
SOURCES: Congressional Budget Office, U.S. Treasury. 
In 
trillions 
S16 
S14 
S12 
S10 
S8 
S6 
S4 
S2 
SO 
House 
Ser ate 
Look at the above graph. During the twelve years of Reagan and Bush Administrations, the deficit was 
more than tripled. And then under the eight years that the Bush/Cheney Administration was in office, 
the deficit more than doubled. Now I ask you, where were these same 'deficit hawks' during the 
Reagan and Bush Administrations? And although under President Obama the national deficit has 
EFTA01189461
--- PAGE 3 ---
grown from approximately $11 trillion to almost $16.7 trillion, Republicans chose to ignore that on 
January 20, 2009 the country's economy was in total chaos, with the financial markets in a total 
meltdown, a monthly loss of more than 750,000 jobs, housing prices in a free-fall, the country in two 
wars without a strategy or end and the country's prestige at an all-time low. And like FDR did with the 
Great Depression, President Obama (and Bush with TARP) chose to flood the economy with money to 
reverse the economic catastrophe he inherited. 
I watched the Sunday morning news programs and the only thing that I heard Republicans talk about 
was cutting spending. I am not opposed to cutting spending when it is cutting waste. But I have to ask 
why these same Republicans never mention raising revenues. Cutting overhead is a good way to 
provide stability when there is lots of waste, but without generating revenues it is almost impossible 
for a household, company or country to grow. We already know that supply-side economics don't 
work. Let's be honest, wealth doesn't really trickle down to the masses if the rich can help it. Because 
if that were true, 97% of the wealth generated since 2009 would not have only gone to the top 10%, 
creating greater inequality and further squeezing our Middle Class. The current shutdown and deficit 
crisis are phony shams and to dignify them with an olive branch compromise would be a travesty. This 
was written on Monday so that I could chronicle how the rest of the week played out. 
Chief White House Correspondent for NBC News, as well as the host of The Daily Rundown on 
MSNBC, Chuck Todd excoriated Ted Cruz on Monday's "Morning Joe" after the senator questioned 
the accuracy of a recent NBC News poll about the government shutdown. The survey, which NBC 
pollsters said they were "shocked" by, showed Republicans with their worst ratings in the poll's history, 
and blamed the GOP for the shutdown. "Morning Joe" played footage of Cruz saying that the poll 
was "heavily weighted" with an "awful lot" of Democrats. 
Web link: 
Todd didn't mince words in his response, saying that a Republican "echo chamber" was distorting 
thinking. "The problem is two-thirds of the country is thinking something else," he said. "And 
that's what you see in our poll. It wasn't just Democrats, it was independents and it was the one half 
EFTA01189462
--- PAGE 4 ---
of the Republican Party that doesn't associate itself with the Tea Party wing of the party." He called 
recent appearance with Sarah Palin "odd," adding, "What planet are you living on here?!" 
Employing the logic of television's every-man, Ralph ICramden from The Honeymooners 
The 
answer would be, "Pluto," which I can assure you is not a term of endearment or a description of 
wisdom. 
Last month I had the privilege of watching LATINO AMERICANS - a landmark three-part, six-
hour documentary series that aired nationally on PBS in September. It is the first major documentary 
series for PBS television that chronicles the rich and varied history and experiences of Latinos, who 
have helped shape North America over the last 500-plus years and have become, with more than 5o 
million people, the largest minority group in the U.S. This changing and yet repeating context of 
American history provides a backdrop for the drama of individual lives. It is a story of immigration 
and redemption, of anguish and celebration, of the gradual construction of a new American identity 
that connects and empowers millions of people today. 
As immigration is at the heart of the American experience, and a central part of the long-running 
democratic experiment that is the United States. So is this PBS series which intersects much that is 
central to the history of the United States. The story includes expansionism, Manifest Destiny, the 
Wild West, multiple wars (Mexican-American, Spanish-American, World War II), the rise of organized 
labor, the Great Depression, the post WWII boom, the Cold War, the Civil Rights movement, 
globalization, and the effects of multiple kinds of technologies — from the railroad and barbed wire to 
the internet and satellite television. Despite such familiar landmarks, our history will go to places 
where standard U.S. histories do not tend to tread. The series is also driven by the human dramas of 
our characters' struggles and triumphs, successes and disappointments, both historical personages and 
living ones. They are people whose stories tell us much about their times. 
g2i 
The films chronicles Latinos in the United States from the sixteenth century to present day. It is a 
story of people, politics, and culture, large in scale and deep in its reach. The changing and yet 
repeating context of American history provides a backdrop for the drama of individual lives. It is a 
story of immigration and redemption, of anguish and celebration, of the gradual construction of a new 
American identity that connects and empowers millions of people today. LATINO AMERICANS 
features interviews with an array of individuals, including entertainer Rita Moreno, the Puerto Rican 
star of West Side Story and a winner of Academy, Tony, Grammy and Emmy Awards; labor leader and 
2012 Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient Dolores Huerta, who in the 196os co-founded with 
Cesar Chavez the National Farm Workers Association, which later became United Farm Workers of 
America; Mexican-American author and commentator Linda Chavez, who became the highest-ranking 
EFTA01189463
--- PAGE 5 ---
woman in the Reagan White House; and Cuban singer and entrepreneur Gloria Estefan, who has sold 
more than 100 million solo and Miami Sound Machine albums globally. 
I invite everyone to take the time to watch the LATINO AMERICANS videos at the web link below. 
Web Link: http://www.pbs.orgfiatino-americansien/watch-videos/#23_65Q7529_6
The aim of this new PBS documentary on Latinos in the United States becomes clear in the first 
moments of the broadcast: "What is our history?" asks a man with the weary smile of one who has 
posed such questions before. "What is the claim that we have to being members of this society?" 
Though the film stresses the unique impact of Hispanics in the United States, it does not portray a 
people set apart. "LATINO AMERICANS" is as relentlessly assimilationist in its viewpoint as it is 
unfailingly sympathetic to its subject. It takes its viewers from 1565 — when Spain created Florida's 
San Agustin, the first European settlement in what would become the United States — to the 21st 
century, with Dreamers marching and Minutemen on patrol, the filmmakers deploy still images, 
recovered diaries, press reports, artwork, video re-enactments and insights from historians, journalists 
and activists. They also mix in interviews with legendary Latino cultural figures including Rita 
Moreno, Gloria Estefan and Julia Alvarez. Although it is culturally safe for crossover appeal — the 
qualities of this series is a wonderful, if not an elegant journey of the history of Latinos in America. 
Again.... I urge everyone to try to see the series as it will broaden your view of the American 
Experience and the contributions and tribulations that Latinos paid as part of their journey. 
As Scott Clement and Sean Sullivan wrote this week in The Washington Post in an article - How 
the shutdown derailed the Republican rebranding campaign - Nearly a year removed from 
a presidential election that put its electoral and demographic weaknesses on full display, the 
Republican Party has been badly hampered by the ongoing government shutdown as it tries to rebrand 
itself in advance of both the 2014 midterms and the 2016 presidential election, according to an 
analysis of three weeks' worth of Washington Post-ABC News polling data. In choosing to take 
the hard-line stance favored by its most conservative wing, Republican leaders in Congress have not 
only alienated electorally critical independents and other key demographic groups that their 2012 
presidential nominee won but also further revealed the deep schism within their own party. 
POLL 
The Washington Post 
ABC News 
Q: Do you approve or disapprove of the way... is/are handling negotiations over the federal budget? 
Barack Obama 
Democrats in Congress 
Republicans in Congress 
APPROVE DISAPPROVE 
APPROVE DISAPPROVE 
APPROVE DISAPPROVE 
Oct. 2-6 
45% 
51% i 
IL 35% 
61% 
24% 
70% 
Sept. 25-29 
41% 
50% 
E 34% 
56% 
L2696 63% 
Source This Washington Postage News poll was conducted by telephone Oct. 24. 2013. among a random sample of 
1.005 adults. Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish on landlines and cellcnories. The results have a margin 
of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. Sampling, data collection and tabulation by SSRS of Media, Pa. 
Start with political independents who supported Mitt Romney over Obama by five points nearly one 
year ago. Now 76 percent disapprove of Republicans' budget wrangling, slightly more than the 68 
percent who disapprove of Democrats. Among white voters, the story is similar. Romney won whites 
by 20 points in 2012, but 74 percent of whites in the Post-ABC poll disapprove of Republicans' 
EFTA01189464
--- PAGE 6 ---
handling of budget negotiations. And while Romney won 56 percent of voters ages 65 and older, a 
much larger 73 percent of seniors disapprove of Republicans on the budget. 
See Web Link: http://wapo.st/19BLCkA 
Then there are the problems within the GOP that the shutdown strategy has revealed. Nearly half (47 
percent) of Republicans disapprove of the the way GOP has handled budget talks, a remarkable level of 
discord across the country that mirrors infighting in Washington. Look deeper into the numbers and 
the divides become even clearer. More than six in 10 Republicans who call themselves "very 
conservative" approve of their party's handling of the budget negotiations, according to combined 
Post-ABC po11s over the past two weeks. Approval drops sharply to 48 percent among those who are 
only "somewhat conservative" and again to 42 percent among those who are moderate or liberal. 
By focusing so heavily on tying the delay or defunding of Obamacare to the government shutdown —
an unpopular position, according to polls — Republicans in Washington played to the wishes of their 
base. But, as the 2012 election showed, the Republican base is not what it once was, and to win the 
White House in three years' time the party needs to find a way to broaden its appeal. The shutdown is 
a clear setback in those efforts at a time when the GOP can ill afford it. 
It's very important to clearly understand that the Republican Party's right wing, supported by 
moderates, offered no serious deal to him by proposing a postponement of their threat to let the U.S. 
default. They pointed a gun at his head and then said they may not pull the trigger for another six 
weeks. That is still extortion of the worst kind. Obama is simply saying, "Put the gun down and I will 
negotiate." For example, The Wall Street Journal's front page this week said point blank that 
Obama turned down the Republicans' offer to negotiate without mentioning that they did not 
withdraw their threat to do this all over again, which is the obstacle in the first place. 
The Right Wing of the House Republicans are united against any compromise to re-open the federal 
government and raise the deficit that doesn't send a message if not to delay and destroy the Affordable 
Health Care Act — Obamacare. So why is there still a segment of the public still being seduced by this 
Republican fringe? Why is this small group of Republicans so profoundly disturbed by Obamacare? 
Here's where a bit of history hurts. We remember that universal health care failed to get passed under 
FDR, who wanted such a system. It made perfectly good sense to him. The American Medical 
Association, the doctors' organization, pushed hard against it, and the phrase "socialized medicine" in 
a time of rising anti-communism struck a chord among the people. FDR lost the battle. 
We assume those same sentiments are still at work. Now, of course, big pharma and insurance 
companies are often the opposition to single-payer. And no doubt there is still a lot of nonsense about 
not letting Uncle Sam into our medical offices or creating requirements to buy insurance. In the case 
of Obamacare, we have to stop fooling ourselves. The source of opposition is as simple as intense 
racial prejudice and anti-abortion attitudes. Remember, Obamacare will radically expand Medicaid, a 
service for the poor. In the South, that mostly means black people. And many southern governors, 
even though it would cost them almost nothing because the federal government would pick up go 
percent of the cost, are not implementing the plan. These same Republicans are demanding a 
"conscience" clause that would allow individual corporations to refuse abortion financing. The 
Washington Post reported that in a closed-door session, Paul Ryan said Republicans can't accept an 
extension of the deadline because they need it as "leverage" for demanding the conscience clause. 
Destroying Obamacare is the number one scalp on the Republican agenda. The phony faux 
Republican argument about reducing the deficit is on the back burner because facts show supported by 
the Financial Times this week, show that the 10-year deficit is now a non-issue. More important, FT 
says that the long-term deficit is also a non-issue. And by their calculation, we only have to grow by 
0.2 percent more a year to keep it manageable, even as Medicare and Medicaid costs rise rapidly. 
EFTA01189465
--- PAGE 7 ---
Republicans have to shift back to reality. Because the truth is that growth is what matters, to which the 
Republican respond that they want more government cuts. The Senate Democrats won't agree to 
retain the sequester and thereby do a deal with the Senate Republicans, but Mitch McConnell boasts 
how much it has cut government spending. He left out the part about how it is seriously impeding 
America's economic growth at the same time. Think about it: Without the sequester; the U.S. would 
very likely be growing at a healthy pace now, reducing unemployment and probably the deficit 
compared to GDP as well. But the Republican Right is so determine to delegitimize the President and 
make sure that his is a failed Presidency. Almost every Black person and many Whites in 
America know in their hearts that the real (unsaid) issue is race. And again, the 
Republican right in Congress is willing to destroy the country's economy to delegitimize the President 
and make sure that his is a failed Presidency. 
Reasons Why American Politics Has 
Become An Apocalyptic Mess 
Why is America on the edge of a political and fiscal nervous breakdown? We aren't fighting an external 
threat: no foreign ism or axis. We're simply shackled by our inability to deal with our own finances. By: 
Howard Fineman — Huffington Post — 10/16/2013 
Why? 
Here are the 15 reasons: 
1. The Tea Party 
In radical reaction to the Wall Street bailout of 2008, the stimulus of 2009 and Obamacare in 2010, the 
tea party aims to defund and delegitimize the federal government. Crippling the legislative machinery is a 
means, but also an end in itself. 
2. Slow Growth 
The tea party has a point -- up to a point. Politicians flagrantly overspend on wars and social programs 
simultaneously because the U.S. economy had always risen fast enough to keep us afloat. That era is now 
over. We have to make painful choices, but aren't willing to confront them frankly. 
3. Obamacare 
The U.S. was the only major industrial country without national heath care, and even though 
Obamacare relies on the typical American mix of private sector profit and government regulation, it 
remains a bone in the throat of American politics. No entitlement program ever passed with so little 
bipartisan support (though Social Security was close). President Barack Obama assumed that a favorable 
Supreme Court ruling and his own reelection in 2012 would settle the issue. He was wrong. Whether he 
could have done anything else to soothe the tea party fear and anger is doubtful, but he didn't really try. 
4. Scorecards 
The AFL-CIO invented a rating system for "pro-labor" voting records; Christian conservatives adopted 
it. But anti-tax activist Grover Norquist and Heritage Foundation President Jim DeMint amped up the 
EFTA01189466
--- PAGE 8 ---
volume. Republican members of Congress live in mortal fear of a bad rating and vote accordingly. 
5. Two Cultures 
Americans used to inhabit a world of shared social mores, even if millions of people were coerced into 
accepting them. Now voters now live in two barely overlapping moral worlds: Secular Metropolitan 
America and Biblical Traditional America. And that separation is enhanced by the isolating force of modern 
media. Americans can spend most of their waiting hours enveloped in one journalistic gestalt or another, 
staring at one cable show/website version of reality or the other. It makes political differences harder to 
bridge. 
6. Congressional Ignorance 
For a host of reasons -- the collapse of Congress' committee system, the frantic pace of media coverage, 
the increasing complexity of legislation, the rise of massive, catch-all "continuing resolutions," the time 
spent on raising campaign cash -- for all of those reasons and others, a shocking number of lawmakers have 
no idea what they are debating, denouncing or voting on. "An amazing percentage of people here are 
intellectually lazy or distracted or ignorant or all three," one senator told me, anonymously. 
7. Gargantuan Money 
As Democratic strategist James Carville once said, money is not only the "milk of politics, it is the 
powdered milk and even the evaporated milk." But not since the Gilded Age has fantastically rich money 
been able to exert such single-minded and focused control. The U.S. Supreme Court is hell-bent on 
expanding that power. The result so far has been to unchain the militantly anti-government right, led by 
the billionaire likes of the Koch brothers and Sheldon Adelson. They have neither the patience for nor a 
belief in the "regular order" of Congress or its half-a-loaf legislative agreements. They are used to spending 
cash to enforce their unconditional way. 
8. No Big Tents 
Political parties have collapsed as a means of whipping up consent. They don't control the money; fat 
cats do. They don't control the agenda; ideological interest groups do. All they have left is their reassuring 
absolutes: no new taxes for Republicans; defend Social Security, Medicare and Obamacare for Democrats. 
The more ideologically monochromatic the parties have become, the less able they are to engineer 
pragmatic legislative deals. As political scholars Norm Ornstein and Tom Mann put it, we now have all-or-
nothing parliamentary-style "tribal" parties in a delicately balanced separation-of-powers system. 
9. My District Is My Castle 
Gerrymandering is nothing new. The name and the practice date to the early 19th century. But a 
combination of technology and federal civil rights laws has produced an unusually large number of "safe" 
congressional districts, both red and blue. Democrats obtained more high-percentage "minority" districts; 
Republicans used control of state legislatures to draw more white conservative ones. The situation suited 
both parties, if not the country. The result: tea party Republicans can issue demands with impunity, and 
"moderate" Republicans risk a challenge from the right if they're seen as collaborators. 
10. The End Of 'Regular Order' 
EFTA01189467
--- PAGE 9 ---
The old legislative machinery of Congress has been largely destroyed, which means that every major bill 
is an existential crisis and every crisis a possible meltdown. Budget reforms of the 1970s, meant to smooth 
the flow of financial decisions, gummed up the works instead. The committee system lies in ruins, robbed 
of patronage, earmarks, privacy and seniority — that is, the discipline and grease that enabled deal-making. 
Everything is rolled into one life-or-death struggle. 
u. They Either Don't Know Or Hate Each Other 
Congress mirrors our socially divided culture. Members have little contact with those in the other party. 
They are too busy raising money, feeding their favorite media beasts or plotting partisan strategy. The 
"schmooze factor" can be overrated, but deep personal relationships do help, as MSNBC host and former 
Hill staffer Chris Matthews documents in his new book, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked. Today 
it's just the opposite: Members of one party campaign against their "colleagues" in the other, even showing 
up in person in that colleague's home state or district. Check out the relationship between Senate leaders 
Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell. 
12. Misjudging Obama 
Much of the "mainstream media" has dismissed the president as a weak negotiator, and many 
Democrats were upset at his deals to extend the Bush tax cuts in 2010, to install the sequestration 
mechanism in 2011 and not to enact more sweeping tax hikes in 2012. But that chatter led Republicans to 
underestimate Obama's resolve and to assume they could force concessions on the one item he held most 
dear: Obamacare. It was a disastrous tactical choice. The public has doubts about the health care program -
- doubts reinforced by the sloppy rollout of the insurance exchanges. But the public also doesn't want to use 
the government shutdown or debt ceiling fight to send health care messages. 
13. The New Iowa 
There once was a hiatus between presidential campaigns. And there used to be a tradition that new 
senators didn't start running for president the moment they arrived in Washington. No more. The 
insatiable demands of fundraising, organizing and media attention are one reason. Then-Sen. Obama's 
example in 2005 is another. No wonder Sen. Ted Cruz, who arrived only months ago, is leading the 
Republican rebellion as way to run for president. He couldn't care less if he ever passes a bill in Congress. 
In fact, his whole campaign is premised on not passing things. 
14. Apocalypse America 
Win-win is a cool idea -- for social media and much of business life. But America's public and 
entertainment culture wants a narrative of total victory, crushing blows, winner-take-all contests and 
paranoid, apocalyptic sagas. White House aides talk about "breaking the will" of the tea party, and they 
glory in each new poll that shows the GOP's public approval is plummeting toward single digits. (Yet how 
can you celebrate a prostrate GOP if the worldwide economy is in shambles?) We live in a time when 
ultimate fighting trumps boxing; football trumps baseball; talent contests trump variety shows; "The 
Walking Dead" is the new "Friends." No wonder Washington is the way it is. The biters are everywhere. 
15. You're Not My President 
It's hard to know when in the modern era Americans stopped believing that whoever was president was 
president of all the people. It may have started with Lyndon Johnson, whose ascension after the 
EFTA01189468
--- PAGE 10 ---
assassination of John F. Kennedy was bitterly resented by the Kennedy crowd. Many voters came to see 
Richard Nixon as an illegal usurper. In 1992, many Republicans refused to accept the legitimacy of Bill 
Clinton's election, an attitude that led ultimately to his impeachment. But there is nothing in recent 
decades to match the visceral fear and hatred that a minority of Americans express for Barack Obama, 
whom they see as an alien, dictatorial force. There is no denying there is an element of race and xenophobia 
to it. To be sure, Obama's most passionate foes wouldn't like any big-city, liberal, Harvard-trained 
constitutional lawyer. But the fact that this one is black and has an unusual-for-America name just adds to 
the alienation. Obama's fans flocked to him because of his biography. But the flip side of hagiography is 
demonization, and that is where his enemies are now. To say the least, that makes doing a deal with him 
difficult. 
Somehow the country survived this past week, month and several years of political dysfunctionality in 
Washington by avoiding the latest self-inflected crisis of the combined government shutdown and 
House Republicans threat to not raise the federal government debt ceiling to the relief of Wall Street, 
International Banks, bond holders and economic allies. But lost in this latest hoopla is that after three 
years of "recovery," one in seven Americans who would like full-time work can't find a full-time job. 
Millions of Americans have lost their homes, and millions more are at risk. Since 2007, the median 
wealth of African American and Latino families has fallen by more than half. In the midst of all of this 
suffering, US corporate profits are at an all-time high. The richest 1 percent of Americans have 
enjoyed soaring incomes for more than three decades, with the richest 400 Americans having a 
combined wealth in excess of the bottom 120 million Americans. 
The U.S. economy and the human beings it ought to serve are suffering, first and foremost, from a Jobs 
Deficit. Closing this gap -- facilitating the creation of good jobs — should be the very top priority of 
Congress and the White House. B ut it isn't. Instead, our leaders remain engaged in a terribly 
misguided squabble over how best to lower the federal budget deficit. The current impasse -- the 
government shutdown and the Republicans' refusal to raise the debt ceiling -- is just one (especially 
appalling) episode in a long-running drama. As Tim Koechlin pointed out in The Huffington Post 
this week in his piece - The Wrong Deficit: Full Employment Requires More Spending 
and More Borrowing, Not Less - President Obama's vision for the budget and the country 
differs substantially from that of the GOP, for sure. But President Obama has, unfortunately, embraced 
the faulty premise that deficit reduction should be a top priority. He, along with a chorus of deficit 
hawks, longs for a "grand bargain" that would get the debt and the deficit "under control." 
Here is the problem: in a stagnant economy, cutting spending is a terrible idea. Cutting spending 
during a recession is like blood-letting an anemic patient (or invading Iraq to avenge an attack by Al-
Qaeda): it is precisely the wrong intervention. The U.S. economy needs more spending, not less. Check 
your economics textbook. 
This is indeed the worst downturn since the Great Depression. How did the Great Depression finally 
come to an end? After nearly a decade of mass unemployment, stagnation, foreclosures, bankruptcies, 
and muddled policy (sound familiar?) the US government massively increased its spending to pay for 
the War; that is, it ran enormous budget deficits. War spending put people to work; these newly 
employed workers spent their income, and this spending created jobs for others. Between 1939 and 
1945 the national debt increased by a factor of six. Was this a "burden for future generations"? Hardly. 
The post-war generation and their Baby Boomer kids benefited enormously from this debt-financed 
recovery. They inherited some debt, sure, but they also inherited an economy that provided them with 
vast economic, educational and personal opportunities -- and higher incomes. The three decades 
following WWII brought rising incomes for every class of Americans; the income of the median U.S. 
household doubled! By any measure, this debt-financed spending was a wildly successful investment. 
The most effective way to reduce the current Jobs Deficit, and to provide opportunities for our kids 
now and in the future, is for the government spend more -- for schools, teachers, universities, 
EFTA01189469
--- PAGE 11 ---
infrastructure, alternative energy, mass transit, safe workplaces, and safe food and water. This 
spending would create jobs today, lighten the load of those who are hurting the most, and promote 
jobs and competitiveness in the long run. Serious, well-funded efforts to liberate home owners from 
their enormous debt burden would help to re-ignite consumer spending and the housing market. And 
what's more, increased spending would also be good for business. Rising demand means rising 
revenues, and an incentive to hire workers. 
In stagnant economy, wise deficit spending should be understood as an investment. The Republican 
response to our current economic crisis is as familiar as it is appalling: more tax cuts for the rich; more 
tax cuts for corporations; less regulation of Wall Street; attacks on public sector unions and 
immigrants; and cuts in programs that benefit the middle class and the poor, including Head Start, 
Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. This is the essence of Representative Paul Ryan's proposed 
10-year budget, which got unanimous support from House Republicans last year. This vision is not 
only appalling and mean-spirited, it is bad economics. That is, these policies would promote inequality 
and stifle growth. (And, by the way: tax cuts do not reduce deficits!). 
Right Wing fantasies notwithstanding, spending under President Obama has been remarkably stingy --
too stingy! Indeed, public sector employment has declined by 600,000 since President Obama took 
office. The "sequester" cuts $85 billion from the 2013 federal budget and $1.2 trillion over the next ten 
years. Insufficient demand explains the Jobs Deficit, not "high" corporate taxes, not regulation, not 
immigration, not "uncertainty" about taxation and regulation, and not the budget deficit. To eliminate 
the Jobs Deficit, the government needs to spend -- and borrow -- more, not less. The politics of the 
moment makes a bold economic stimulus plan unlikely. Still, at the very least, we need to recognize 
that an ongoing obsession with the budget deficit is misguided and dangerous. Further spending cuts 
will slow economic and employment growth, and inflict still more unnecessary pain on millions of 
Americans. 
I get so angry when I hear politicians and television pundits suggest that the largest economic problem 
in the country is that as the population ages, our children and future generations are being saddled 
with unnecessary debt, as if the current generation and its forefathers should not be given credit for 
the fact that in spite of our problems your children are inheriting the richest and one of the best run 
countries on the planet with unbridled potential. And to suggest that our seniors are only takers, 
without acknowledging their sacrifices and contributions is shameful. I watched a piece on NBC 
News this week that profiled a football coach who suited up special needs students with the team on 
game day so that they could experience what it is like to be a member of the team and to remind 
players of how lucky there are and their responsibility to those less fortunate. 
We like to celebrate individuals who go out of their way to help those less fortunate. So why as a 
country are we resistant to make it our number one priority to make sure that no one in America goes 
to bed hungry and everyone has the opportunity to make a living wage? And no matter how efficient 
the private sector is, this is not a priority. Our major corporations are doing better than ever, hording 
more than $2 trillion in cash outside of the country to avoid taxes. And at the same time, the top 1% of 
Americans have received more than 40% of the country's wealth generated over the last four years. So 
the money is available if we make sure that it spread around. Investing in education, healthcare, 
infrastructure and our young are investments that benefit every American. So why don't we do this? 
Think about it, we can cut all that we want but without investment we will not grow 
 and you don't 
have to be an economist to know this. 
You can tell a lot about a person by how they accept defeat. Ted Cruz, who just nine months on the job, 
had managed to drag down his Republican Party to historic unpopularity. But as Minority Leader 
Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) went to the Senate floor Wednesday afternoon to announce a deal that would 
begin to repair the damage Cruz inflicted, the renegade couldn't resist one more poke at his 
leadership. As McConnell was speaking on the floor about his compromise to end the government 
shutdown and to avoid a federal default, Cruz marched up to the bank of TV cameras outside the 
Senate chamber to deliver his own statement. 
EFTA01189470
--- PAGE 12 ---
CNN's Dana Bash told him that the news networks were airing McConnell's speech live. "Do you want 
to wait until the leaders are done?" she asked. Cruz did not want to wait. He launched right into a 
condemnation of the deal McConnell had negotiated. "Unfortunately, once again, it appears the 
Washington establishment is refusing to listen to the American people," the Texan intoned, his 
protruding chin bouncing as the vitriol poured from the lips above it. "The United States Senate has 
stayed with the traditional approach of the Washington establishment of maintaining the status 
quo." 
The amount of wreckage Cruz has caused in such a short time is truly awe-inspiring. He has damaged 
his party, hurt the economy, lowered the nation's standing and set back the conservative cause. But 
appearing at the Capitol on Wednesday morning, he wore a broad smile as reporters and cameras 
surrounded him to learn what further mayhem he was planning. As Cruz and others filed in to hear 
McConnell's compromise, Republican senators made little effort to conceal their frustration with Cruz. 
"This has been a very bad two weeks for the Republican brand, for conservatism," said Sen. Lindsey 
Graham (S.C.). 
Cruz did make one gesture that acknowledged he may have gone too far: He said he wouldn't use 
procedural hurdles to delay a vote on the debt-limit bill, a move that could have forced the nation into 
default. "I never had any intention to delay this vote," he told a clump of reporters as he emerged from 
the Senate session, even though he had declined to disavow such a delay when asked only an hour 
earlier. But otherwise, Cruz refused to admit defeat. "The American people rose up and spoke with an 
overwhelming voice and at least at this stage Washington isn't listening to them," he said. "But this 
battle will continue." (Actually, what's overwhelming is the 70 percent of Americans who think 
Republicans put politics ahead of the country in the shutdown.) 
Cruz left the reporters after a few minutes, but when he noticed the TV lights and microphones outside 
the Senate chamber, he stopped and reversed himself. After repeating his statement for the cameras, 
he took a question from CNN's Bash, who pointed out that there has been "a lot of bruising political 
warfare internally, and you've got nothing for it." "I disagree with the premise,"Cruz informed her. 
He said the House vote to defund Obamacare, rejected by the Senate, was "a remarkable victory." It 
was a revealing statement: For Cruz, the victory is not the achievement or a solution, but the fight. 
"victory" cost American taxpayers $24 billion, lots of human suffering and immense damage to 
the country's reputation here and abroad. And this guy wants to be President 
 But then what 
should be expected from someone who believes in their heart that government is "the problem and 
that his dismantling it is the only solution." 
EFTA01189471
--- PAGE 13 ---
Totally overlooked this week was an article in Dayton Daily News that exposed — that brand new 
cargo planes on order for the U.S. Air Force are being delivered straight into storage in the Arizona 
desert because the military has no use for them. A dozen nearly new C-27J Spartans from Ohio and 
elsewhere already have been taken out of service and shipped to the so-called "boneyard" at Davis-
Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson. Five more are expected to be built by April, all of which are headed 
to the boneyard unless another use for them is found. The Air Force has spent $567 million on 21 C-
27J aircraft since 2007, according to purchasing officials at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. Sixteen 
had been delivered by the end of September. 
r°7777C•7 
,354 4. Ztht;' ,1?
• ger ."•34 13;;; *54. 
' 
Y 
tv-P4P 
jr,r1S t  
f 
e 
r re.  
f Tr4-. 
c 
tr  
e 
..yr 
 
.- 
Like the Army with the Abrams Tanks, the Air Force was forced to buy more of the planes against its 
will, the newspaper found. A solicitation issued from Wright-Patterson in May sought vendors to build 
more C-27Js, citing congressional language requiring the military to spend money budgeted for the 
planes, despite Pentagon protests. The military initially wanted the C-27J because it had unique 
capabilities, such as the ability to take off and land on less-developed runways, said Ethan Rosenkranz, 
national security analyst at the Project on Government Oversight. When sequestration hit, the military 
realized the planes weren't a necessity but instead a luxury it couldn't afford, he said. 
EFTA01189472
--- PAGE 14 ---
"When they start discarding these programs, it's wasteful," he said. O'Hanlon said their near-
resurrection was largely due to parochialism. "It's too bad and a waste," he said. "I'm not sure the 
program was ever a white elephant, and yet given budget cuts, I'm not sure it should be saved now." 
Ohio's Senate delegation was among the most ardent defenders of the C-27J when a mission at 
Mansfield Air National Guard Base, and 800 jobs there, were dependent on it. Sen. Sherrod Brown of 
Ohio and six other Democratic senators wrote a letter in 2011 urging the military to buy up to 42 of the 
aircraft, saying too few planes "will weaken our national and homeland defense." 
Then came sequestration and a nearly trillion-dollar cut to the Pentagon's projected spending over the 
next nine years. That will bring the military's budget down to roughly 2006-07 levels, Rosenkranz 
said. Former Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz testified before Congress last year that the 
military wanted to divest its C-27J fleet to come in line with budget cuts. He said the C-130 can do 
everything the military requires and costs $213 million to fly over its 25-year lifespan. The C-27J 
would cost $308 million per aircraft. "In this fiscal environment, it certainly caught our attention," 
Schwartz said. 
That put the Mansfield base in peril, and Brown along with Republican Sen. Rob Portman, who in 
February 2012 called the aircraft "critically important," worked to save the C-27J. However, President 
Barack Obama, after making a campaign stop in Mansfield last year, promised to "find a mission" for 
the base. This led to eight C-13os being transferred to the base, giving it about 4o more full-time and 
200 more part-time military positions. That also left it with the same mission it had prior to a cost-
saving round of base closures in 2005. Now the U.S. Senate is poised to strip the requirement that the 
Pentagon spend money on new planes from the 2014 defense budget, and Wright-Patterson officials 
are saying they were told to put a hold on purchasing. 
What should be alarming isn't that these planes were purchased unnecessarily but that scuffling more 
than a half a billion in new plane when almost totally unnoticed and not one member of Congress 
mentioned this outrage. If Wall Street is now an unregulated casino, because slot machines are better 
regulated than derivatives, Congress has truly become farcical theater (and like Hollywood) dispense 
taxpayer money on their pet projects, patrons and friends. Therefore, if Ted Cruz need needs a "real" 
cause to establish his credentials as a warier against government waste and abuse, why not start with 
the Defense Department, who can throw away a half billion dollars of brand new equipment and no 
one notices. 
EFTA01189473
--- PAGE 15 ---
As most of you know, I am a huge fan of our President Barack Obama. And although I haven't agreed 
with everything that he has done, (expanding the War in Afghanistan, not making Wall Street pay for 
the greed and malfeasance that created the worst recession since the Great Depression, hurting the 
country and causing untold misery for tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions Americans and not 
standing firm against his Republican opposition who declared from Dayi, their Number One priority 
was to make his a failed Presidency), I have to give him props for how he has out-foxed his competitor, 
often with the ease, confidence and artistry of Walt "Clyde "Fraser's jump-shot back in the day. 
And the latest example is how he stood his ground against Republican Conservative failed tactics of 
shutting down the federal government and threatening to not raise the country's debt ceiling (which 
might have cost economic chaos for the country). Not only did he not cave, when he refuse to be 
blackmailed into a face saving compromise that his Republican opponents could hide behind, such as 
taking out the excise tax for medical devices which would have been a $3o billion give away to medical 
device company's lobbyist), he let them wallow in the mess that they created until even their most 
ardent supporter, corporate America, the media and most voters made it dear that they end this folly. 
But what really separated him from the pack was instead of taking a victory lap, like his hero our 
sixteenth President Abraham Lincoln, in a Press Conference on October 17, 2013 he offered a 
conciliatory message, and that there were no winners, as the shutdown and just the threat of default, 
have damaged the country's standing around the world, as well as maybe slowed our economic growth. 
"But probably nothing has done more damage to America's credibility in the world, our standing with 
other countries, than the spectacle that we've seen these past several weeks. It's encouraged our 
enemies, it's emboldened our competitors, and it's depressed our friends, who look to us for steady 
leadership." 
He encouraged fortitude and compromise - "Now the good news is, we'll bounce back from 
this. We always do. America's the bedrock of the global economy for a reason. We are the 
indispensable nation that the rest of the world looks to as the safest and most reliable place to invest, 
something that's made it easier for generations of Americans to invest in their own futures. We have 
earned that responsibility over more than two centuries because of the dynamism of our economy and 
our entrepreneurs, the productivity of our workers, but also because we keep our word and we meet 
our obligations. That's what full faith and credit means. You can count on us. And today I want our 
people and our businesses and the rest of the world to know that the full faith and credit of the United 
States remains unquestioned. But to all my friends in Congress, understand that how business is done 
in this town has to change because we've all got a lot of work to do on behalf of the American people, 
and that includes the hard work of regaining their trust. 
Our system of self-government doesn't function without it. And now that the government has reopened 
and this threat to our economy is removed, all of us need to stop focusing on the lobbyists, and the 
bloggers, and the talking heads on radio and the professional activists who profit from conflict, and 
focus on what the majority of Americans sent us here to do, and that's grow this economy, create good 
jobs, strengthen the middle class, educate our kids, lay the foundation for broad-based prosperity and 
get our fiscal house in order for the long haul. That's why we're here. That should be our focus. Now, 
that won't be easy. We all know that we have divided government right now. There's a lot of noise out 
there, and the pressure from the extremes affect how lot of members of Congress see the day-to-day 
work that's supposed to be done here. And let's face it. The American people don't see every issue the 
same way. That doesn't mean we can't make progress. And when we disagree, we don't have to suggest 
that the other side doesn't love this country or believe in free enterprise or all the other rhetoric that 
seems to get worse every single year. If we disagree on something, we can move on and focus on the 
things we agree on and get this stuff done." 
EFTA01189474
--- PAGE 16 ---
And he mapped out a pathway - "Let me be specific about three places where I believe we can 
make progress right now. 
First, in the coming days and weeks, we should sit down and pursue a balanced approach to a 
responsible budget, a budget that grows our economy faster and shrinks our long-term deficits further. 
At the beginning of this year, that's what both Democrats and Republicans committed to doing. Senate 
passed a budget. House passed a budget. They were supposed to come together and negotiate. And had 
one side not decided to pursue a strategy of brinksmanship, each side could have gotten together and 
figured out how do we shape a budget that provides certainty to businesses and people who rely on 
government, provides certainty to investors and our economy, and we'd be growing faster right now. 
Now, the good news is the legislation I signed yesterday now requires Congress to do exactly that, what 
it could have been doing all along. And we shouldn't approach this process of creating a budget as an 
ideological exercise, just cutting for the sake of cutting. The issue's not growth versus fiscal 
responsibility. We need both. We need a budget that deals with the issues that most Americans are 
focused on, creating more good jobs that pay better wages. 
And remember, the deficit is getting smaller, not bigger. It's going down faster than it has in the last 5o 
years. The challenge that we have right now are not short-term deficits; it's the long-term obligations 
that we have around things like Medicare and Social Security. 
We want to make sure those are there for future generations. 
So the key now is a budget that cuts out the things that we don't need, closes corporate tax loopholes 
that don't help create jobs and frees up resources for the things that do help us grow, like education 
and infrastructure and research. And these things historically have not been partisan. 
And this shouldn't be as difficult as it's been in past years because we already spend less than we did a 
few years ago. Our deficits are half of what they were a few years ago. The debt problems we have now 
are long term. And we can address them without short-changing our kids or short-changing our 
grandkids or weakening the security that current generations have earned from their hard work. So 
that's number one. 
Number two, we should finish fixing the job of our -- let me say that again. Number two. We should 
finish the job of fixing our broken immigration system. There's already a broad coalition across 
America that's behind this effort of comprehensive immigration reform, from business leaders to faith 
leaders to law enforcement. 
In fact, the Senate has already passed a bill with strong bipartisan support that would make the biggest 
commitment to border security in our history, would modernize our legal immigration system, make 
sure everyone plays by the same rules, make sure that folks who came here illegally have to pay a fine, 
pay back taxes, meet their responsibilities. That bill's already passed the Senate. And economists 
estimate that if that bill becomes law, our economy would be 5 percent larger two decades from now. 
That's $1.4 trillion in new economic growth. 
The majority of Americans think this is the right thing to do. And it's sitting there waiting for the 
House to pass it. Now, if the House has ideas on how to improve the Senate bill, let's hear them. Let's 
start the negotiations. But let's not leave this problem to keep festering for another year or two years or 
three years. This can and should get done by the end of this year. 
Number three. We should pass a farm bill, one that American farmers and ranchers can depend on, 
one that protects vulnerable children and adults in times of need, one that gives rural communities 
opportunities to grow and the long-term certainty that they deserve. Again, the Senate's already passed 
EFTA01189475
--- PAGE 17 ---
a solid bipartisan bill. It's got support from Democrats and Republicans. It's sitting in the House 
waiting for passage. If House Republicans have ideas that they think would improve the farm bill, let's 
see them. Let's negotiate. What are we waiting for? Let's get this done. 
So, passing a budget, immigration reform, farm bill. Those are three specific things that would make a 
huge difference in our economy right now, and we could get them done by the end of the year -- if our 
focus is on what's good for the American people. And that's just the big stuff. 
There are all kinds of other things that we could be doing that don't get as much attention." 
In closing - "I understand we will not suddenly agree on everything now that the cloud of crisis has 
passed. Democrats and Republicans are far apart on a lot of issues. And I recognize there are folks on 
the other side who think that my policies are misguided. That's putting it mildly. That's OK. That's 
democracy. That's how it works. We can debate those differences vigorously, passionately, in good 
faith, through the normal democratic process. And sometimes we'll be just too far apart to forge an 
agreement. 
But that should not hold back our efforts in areas where we do agree. We shouldn't fail to act on areas 
that we do agree or could agree just because we don't think it's good politics, just because the extremes 
in our party don't like the word "compromise." I will look for willing partners wherever I can to get 
important work done. And there's no good reason why we can't govern responsibly, despite our 
differences, without lurching from manufactured crisis to manufactured crisis. 
In fact, one of the things that I hope all of us have learned these past few weeks is that it turns out 
smart, effective government is important. It matters. I think the American people, during the 
shutdown, had a chance to get some idea of all the things large and small that government does that 
make a difference in people's lives. 
And we hear all the time about how government is the problem. Well, it turns out we rely on it in a 
whole lot of ways. Not only does it keep us strong through our military and our law enforcement, it 
plays a vital role in caring for our seniors and our veterans, educating our kids, making sure our 
workers are trained for the jobs that are being created, arming our businesses with the best science and 
technology so they can compete with companies from other countries. It plays a key role in keeping our 
food and our toys and our workplaces safe. It helps folks rebuild after a storm. It conserves our natural 
resources. It finances startups. It helps to sell our products overseas. It provides security to our 
diplomats abroad. 
So let's work together to make government work better instead of treating it like an enemy or 
purposely making it work worse. That's not what the founders of this nation envisioned when they 
gave us the gift of self-government. You don't like a particular policy or a particular president? Then 
argue for your position. Go out there and win an election. Push to change it. But don't break it. Don't 
break what our predecessors spent over two centuries building. That's not being faithful to what this 
country's about. 
And that brings me to one last point. I've got a simple message for all the dedicated and patriotic 
federal workers who've either worked without pay or have been forced off the job without pay these 
past few weeks, including most of my own staff: Thank you. Thanks for your service. Welcome back. 
What you do is important. It matters. You defend our country overseas. You deliver benefits to our 
troops, who have earned them, when they come home. You guard our borders. You protect our civil 
rights. You help businesses grow and gain footholds in overseas markets. You protect the air we 
breathe and the water our children drink, and you push the boundaries of science and space, and you 
guide hundreds of thousands of people each day through the glories of this country. Thank you. What 
EFTA01189476
--- PAGE 18 ---
you do is important, and don't let anybody else tell you different, especially to the young people who 
come to this -- this city to serve, believe that it matters. Well, you know what? You're right. It does. 
And those of us who have the privilege to serve this country have an obligation to do our job as best we 
can. We come from different parties, but we are Americans first. That's why disagreement cannot 
mean dysfunction. It can't degenerate into hatred. 
The American people's hopes and dreams are what matters, not ours. Our obligations are to them. Our 
regard for them compels us all, Democrats and Republicans, to cooperate and compromise and act in 
the best interests of our nation, one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all." 
There were a lot of good people on both sides of the aisle who worked together selfishly to resolve this 
self-inflected disaster. But over this past several weeks our President has stood as the Man among 
Boys and no better example of his leadership and statesmanship was his October 17th speech. Bravo 
Mr. President. And for those of you who didn't see his speech, attached is a full transcript and here is 
the web link so you can see it in its entirety: See web link: http://wapo.st/H6chx2 
THIS WEEK's READINGS 
This week in The Washington Post Zachary A. Goldfarb and Jim Tankersley wrote the article -
Debt-ceiling breach would push economy into free fall, without a government safety 
net - as the Obama administration will have to decide whether to delay — or possibly suspend — tens 
of billions of dollars in Social Security checks, food stamps and unemployment benefits if negotiations 
to raise the federal debt ceiling was not resolved this week, experts say, one of the many difficult 
choices officials will have to make at a time when the government will essentially be running on 
fumes. On Monday the government had approximately $3o billion cash in the bank and a little more 
room to borrow as a result of extraordinary measures launched in the wake of the debt-ceiling crisis. 
By Thursday administration officials felt that they will have exhaust all borrowing authority and 
should have only some of this cash on hand. 
Web Link: 
minutes/2013/09/25/4a9cbeb4-2570-11e3-b3e9-d97fb087acd6 video.html 
The government began on Monday with Experts on federal finances saying that money might be 
enough to make payments for a few days, but certainly not for more than two weeks. In any event, they 
say, President Obama will have to make untested decisions about who and what to pay because daily 
tax receipts will make up only about 70 cents of every dollar of necessary spending. Economists 
roundly agree that no matter which course Obama chooses, a drop in federal spending that large would 
exert a huge drag on economic growth. And in contrast to what happens during a traditional downturn 
— the safety net expands to help the vulnerable — assistance to seniors and low-income people could 
be delayed or reduced if Congress doesn't raise the debt ceiling. 
Officials may also have insufficient funds to operate major parts of the government that are open 
during the shutdown, such as the Federal Aviation Administration and the FBI. Senior Treasury 
Department officials convened Sunday evening to discuss the financial market's reaction to the 
continuing fiscal stalemate. Although the stock market jumped late last week amid optimism about a 
deal, bond markets remain deeply nervous about a potential breach of the debt-ceiling deadline 
Thursday. Market reactions could be the first direct way that Americans witness the impact of a 
breach, but the consequences are likely to be felt in numerous other ways. According to the Bipartisan 
Policy Center, which has done the most detailed analysis of federal finances in a debt-ceiling breach, 
EFTA01189477
--- PAGE 19 ---
administration officials would have to consider delaying or suspending tens of billions of dollars in 
critical payments to low-income people and seniors. 
Under the most alarming scenario, as soon as Friday, payments to Medicare and Medicaid providers, 
unemployment benefits, Social Security checks and tax refunds would be postponed for one to four 
days. Food stamps due to be distributed Oct. 25 could be held until Oct. 30. The same would happen 
to payments to defense contractors. With huge payments due in early November, the situation would 
become grimmer. Nearly $60 billion in Social Security checks, veterans benefits and pay for active-
duty troops is due Nov. 1. Those could be delayed nearly two weeks, according to the Bipartisan Policy 
Center's analysis. "Right now, Grandma is getting a Social Security check. In a few weeks, unless we 
solve this, she won't," said Steve Bell, a former top Republican Senate staff member and a senior vice 
president at the policy center. 
The exact timing of such delays isn't knowable because, officials say, the flow of federal tax receipts, 
which would be the sole source of revenue, is not entirely predictable. Greater uncertainty is being 
caused by the government shutdown and the start of the fiscal year Oct. 1. By all accounts, the 
Treasury would strive to make interest payments on U.S. bonds if Congress failed to raise the debt 
ceiling on time. That would avoid a technical "default," as defined by credit-rating firms Standard & 
Poor's and Moody's, but financial markets could still respond with great worry. 
A major test of investor reactions would come Thursday, when the Treasury Department is slated to 
refinance more than $100 billion in debt. If investors uncertain about U.S. finances refuse to refinance 
the debt or demand higher interest rates, markets could go into a tailspin. But delayed safety-net 
payments are one of the biggest worries because of their outsize economic impact. Americans who rely 
on those programs to buy groceries or pay rent would suddenly be without that aid. According to 
Moody's Analytics, food stamps and unemployment benefits have significant ripple effects, given 
that needy families tend to spend the money immediately. Moody's estimates that every $1 spent on 
food stamps or unemployment benefits tends to drive about $1.70 in economic growth. 
The loss of that spending would hurt the economy, and those hurt by the economy wouldn't have any 
government help to fall back on, forming a vicious cycle. Economists at Citi Research ran a simulation 
recently that included a worst-case scenario in which lawmakers don't raise the debt limit for an 
extended period of time. The model predicted that unemployment could shoot back to 10 percent and 
the economy would dive into recession. But the results "could have been worse than that," said 
William Lee, a global economist at Citi, because the model assumes that in the case of recession, 
government spending picks up as more people qualify for unemployment benefits and food stamps. 
It's likely, according to experts, that in a debt-ceiling breach, officials would strive to minimize the 
impact on vulnerable populations. But that would force officials to prioritize some payments over 
others — a move that they say is impractical and potentially illegal. If the government were able to 
preserve much of the safety net and the military pay in the month following a debt-ceiling breach, it 
would have to forgo other spending, according to the Bipartisan Policy Center. For example, it might 
have to suspend all federal salaries and benefits and veterans benefits, as well as operations of the 
Justice Department, the Energy Department, the FAA, the Environmental Protection Agency and other 
agencies. Those would just be the direct effects of a hard cap on federal spending. There could also be 
broader effects in the financial markets. 
In such a situation, short-term-borrowing markets, which play a critical role as a safe place for cash, 
could dry up. That could lead to liquidity problems for financial firms, which would have trouble 
raising the daily funding they need to maintain their operations — and that probably would have 
spillover effects elsewhere, such as the stock market. 
EFTA01189478
--- PAGE 20 ---
And from Oct. i8 to Nov. 15, the Treasury Department must refinance $370 billion in debt. In that 
process, the Treasury borrows money to pay back investors and then borrows the same amount from 
investors. If investors are growing nervous about a default, they could demand much higher interest 
rates to offset the risks of lending to the government. Given that Treasury bonds are the benchmark 
interest rate for much lending in the economy, all sorts of loans could get expensive — mortgages, 
corporate loans, auto loans — which would crimp home buying, corporate investment and auto 
purchases. 
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which tracks growth across the 
developed world, has calculated that the effects would compound economically and ripple globally. 
"We're not necessarily trying to cause alarm," Angel Gurria, the OECD's secretary general, said in an 
interview. "But there is cause for alarm." We started a war based on the suspicion that Saddam 
Hussein might have weapons of mass destruction, yet when almost every economist and business 
leaders are telling Congress that not raising the debt ceiling would be an unmitigated disaster 
Republicans are using it as a bargaining chip. Playing Russian Rolette with the nation's economy 
should be judged as treason. And those selfish politicians who have put the gun to the country's head 
should be vilified. 
This week in The New York Times I read an refreshing op-ed on illegal immigration by Sonia 
Nazario — The Heartache of an Immigrant Family — that doesn't put the blame on the victim; 
because illegal immigrants are just that: victims. In most cases they were victims in their home 
country of oppression and discrimination and that is the main reason they left and went to the US.... 
just to find that they are now victims of an oppressive and biased legal system that doesn't allow them 
a clear path to legalization. When we use to talk about immigration to America, we often described a 
hopeful story about courage and sacrifice. But that story obscures the fact that, especially for the poor, 
immigration is often a traumatizing event, one that tears families apart. In the today's increasing 
EFTA01189479
--- PAGE 21 ---
political polarization on the immigration issue with one side advocating building higher walls and self-
deportation and the other side campaigning for some sort of path to citizenship, often left out is the 
pain that millions of people suffer here in the US as well as their family members left behind in their 
home countries. 
Consider the experience of the family profiled in Nazario's article, originally from Honduras. In 1989, 
Lourdes Pineda was the single mother of a 5-year-old boy and a 7-year-old girl. She sold tortillas, 
plantains and used clothes door to door, but barely earned enough to feed her children, and feared not 
being able to send them to school past the sixth grade. So she made the painful decision to leave them 
behind in Honduras, and found work in the United States as a nanny, taking care of other people's 
children. Her daughter went to live with her maternal grandmother, her son — Luis Enrique Motifio 
Pineda — with his paternal grandmother. Enrique, whose story I followed for a book, was devastated. 
He was passed from relative to relative, left wondering, didn't his mother love him enough to be with 
him? In 2000, when he was 16, he set off to find her. It took him eight attempts to cross through 
Mexico and into the United States — a journey of 122 days and 12,000 miles. 
Enrique had left behind someone of his own: a girlfriend, Maria Isabel Carias Durfin, whom he later 
learned was pregnant. She followed Enrique north a few years later, leaving their daughter, Katerin 
Jasmin, behind. Enrique was determined that his daughter not endure the long separation he had 
faced, so when Jasmin was 4, he sent for her to come to Jacksonville, Fla., where the family had 
established a home. In the decade after Enrique came to the United States, more migrants arrived 
than at any time in the nation's history, fueling a backlash. From 2005 to 2010, nearly a thousand 
laws were passed by State Legislatures addressing illegal immigration. In 2008, the federal 
government told all police departments to turn over any unlawful migrants they arrested to federal 
immigration authorities, a program called Secure Communities. A result: deportations nearly doubled 
between fiscal 2006 and 2012 to more than 409,000 a year. 
And so immigrant families are being separated again, this time in reverse. Parents are being deported 
to Mexico and Central America, away from United-States-born children.About 200,000 parents of 
children who are American citizens were deported between 2010 and 2012, and 5,000 parentless 
children are now in foster care because their mother or father was detained or deported. An analysis by 
the Applied Research Center estimates that more than 15,000 children would join them by 2016 if 
record numbers of deportations continued. 
On Dec. 26, 2011, Enrique was partying with friends at a motel when police officers arrived. He had an 
outstanding arrest warrant for not paying a ticket for driving without a license. (All but 11 states 
prohibit unlawful immigrants from obtaining a driver's license.) Enrique was arrested and handed 
over to federal immigration authorities to be deported. Maria Isabel was three months pregnant with 
their second child. On a Sunday afternoon nearly a year later, Enrique's mother, Lourdes, arrived at 
the jail with her grandchildren: Jasmin, then 11 years old, and the 3-month-old baby, Daniel Enrique. 
Naziro: I sat with them before video screen No. 9 in a cinder-block visitation stall. The image of 
Enrique in an orange jumpsuit appeared on the screen. Jasmin scooted her chair closer, and picked up 
the receiver to talk. Lourdes lifted Daniel Enrique, with chubby cheeks and tufts of black hair, up to the 
screen. "Say `Hello, Papi,' "Jasmin said to her brother. Enrique smiled at his son. "I am your father," 
he said. "How is my boy?" Enrique had never been allowed to cradle his son. Later, Enrique told 
Nazario that when he thought about him, he could feel his arms ache. If he were deported, he 
agonized, would both his children grow up without their father? 
There are huge benefits to migration: mothers who go north are able to send money home so their 
children can eat and go to school. But there are consequences, too: many of these children deeply 
resent their mothers for leaving. They feel abandoned, and disproportionately join gangs or get 
pregnant, searching for the love they feel they missed. 
The United States is spending billions on walls that don't really keep migrants out (a University of 
California, San Diego, study showed that 97 percent of migrants who want to cross the border 
eventually get through), and on locking up and deporting people, many of whom return. Border 
enforcement, guest worker programs and pathways to citizenship haven't addressed the problem. 
EFTA01189480
--- PAGE 22 ---
Instead they have sealed in many migrants who would have preferred to circle back home, attracted 
temporary workers who never left, and legalized migrants who then brought relatives illegally, causing 
the number of unlawful migrants to grow. 
We can prevent this pain, and slow the flow of migrants permanently, only by addressing the "push" 
factors that propel migrants, especially women, to leave in the first place — and by helping families like 
Enrique's avoid the heartache that his mother's exodus began a quarter-century ago. We can start by 
creating opportunities for women in just four countries: Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and El 
Salvador, which send three-quarters of all undocumented migrants here. The United States could 
increase aid to those countries to improve education for girls, which would lower birthrates. It could 
finance or promote micro-loans to help women start job-generating businesses. It could gear trade 
policies to give clear preferences to goods from these four countries. And it could work with hometown 
associations — groups of immigrants in the United States who want to help the towns they came from 
— to coordinate a percentage of the tens of billions of dollars that immigrants send home to Latin 
America each year toward investing in job-creating enterprises. (One Mexican hometown association 
helped build a factory in Oaxaca, which has employed many would-be immigrants.) 
This targeted economic development would cost much less than the billions — $18 billion each year —
we currently dole out for immigration enforcement. For too long, American immigration policy has 
ensured access to cheap, compliant workers. This has helped spur our economy, but has come at a 
great cost to taxpayers, as well to the immigrants themselves. We must demand a different approach, 
one in line with the goal of keeping families intact. In August, after a total of 14 months in jail, Enrique 
received a miracle: a visa to stay in the United States legally, thanks to two lawyers, Sui Chung and 
Michael Vastine, who agreed to represent him pro bono and tirelessly fought his case. Jasmin and 
Maria Isabel obtained similar visas two months earlier. Enrique will not be torn from his family. 
Nazario again — But imagine the suffering they would have been spared, if Lourdes had never had to 
come here in the first place. We have more than eleven million illegal immigrates and walls, self-
deportation and a thirteen year pathway to citizenship are not rational or doable solutions especially 
when the pain that these immigrants and their family often have to endure. 
Trying to explain why Republicans are so conflicted today Ezra Klien last month wrote - The Falling 
Deficit Has Been a Disaster for the GOP - Based on the premise that in the context for the 
latest debt-ceiling fight: Republicans delivered on their 2010 promise to reduce the deficit, and now 
they're adrift. And now there's no single goal -- save maybe the impossible dream of repealing 
Obamacare -- that really serves as the raison 
of this Republican Party. Deficits exploded during 
the financial crisis. Really, exploded. Here's the graph: 
gicieficits since 2000 
In 2010, Republicans campaigned on a promise to bring debt and deficits down by cutting spending. 
When they won the election, they argued that it would be a betrayal of their mandate to permit the 
government to borrow more without first forcing the budget discipline they'd promised voters. And so 
that's exactly what they did. They negotiated spending cuts before they would agree to a debt-ceiling 
increase. But then something terrible happened to the Republican Party: Success. Except that 
it wasn't all their success because part of it is the economy improving. Part of it is new taxes passed 
into law by the Obama administration. Part of it is slower-than-expected health costs, and lower-than-
expected interest rates. But the deficit has fallen dramatically. In fact, it's fallen at a faster rate than at 
EFTA01189481
--- PAGE 23 ---
any other time since World War II. And the Congressional Budget Office sees it stabilizing in the 
(totally manageable) two-to-three percent range through the next decade. 
;deficits 2018 
When's the last time you heard an elected Republican really try and sell the Ryan budget as the key 
answer to the nation's problems? That's what you're seeing in the insane mash-up that is the House 
GOP's debt-ceiling bill. They needed to throw everything into it because there's no one overriding 
policy idea that holds today's Republican Party together. So now the only caveat that Speaker Boehner 
has is to try to buy off some House Republicans with his Obamacare delay, and others with looser 
drilling regulations, and others with Paul Ryan's tax reform, and so on. And unlike in 2011, the GOP 
can't point to a mandate for this agenda. In fact, they ran on it in 2012 and lost. 
But more to the point, this agenda, unlike their 2011 agenda, has little to do with debt or deficits. 
There was a logic to the position that "we won't let the government borrow more to pay its bills 
unless it comes up with a plan to spend less in the future." There's no logic to the position "we won't 
let the government borrow more to pay its (more manageable) bills unless it blocks net neutrality 
and agrees to more offshore oil drilling and delays implementation of a debt-reducing health-care 
law we don't like." 
There's been a lot of talk about how today's GOP seems even more fractious and uncertain than 2011's 
GOP. Part of that, of course, is losing the presidential election. Defeating Obama was part of what 
held the GOP together. But part of it is that they may have largely achieved the policy goal most of 
them were sent to Washington to achieve. They carry all the anger and fear and commitment they had 
in 2011, but they don't really know what to do with it other than to do their best to delegitimize 
Obama's Presidency, as if he was caught taking steroids and therefore shouldn't receive any credit for 
the turnaround of the country's economy. 
EFTA01189482
--- PAGE 24 ---
Using the pop singer Michael Jackson as an example, writer Jon Lovett wrote an interesting 
assessment in The Atlantic Magazine - How the GOP Slowly Went Insane - as a way to 
explain why Congressional Republicans take the country to edge of the abyss. Lovett: When I was a 
kid, all I knew about Michael Jackson was that he was crazy. He had a monkey named Bubbles and 
some kind of oxygen chamber and he used to be black but he made himself white and he was nuts. 
That was Michael Jackson in full. Wacko Jacko. After all, as a kid, you know you are changing, but the 
world seems static. If Michael Jackson is crazy it is inconceivable that he was ever not crazy in the 
same way it's hard to imagine your parents as children because they've always been so old. One of the 
hardest lessons of childhood is reckoning with the instability of the world. And the earlier it comes, 
through death or divorce or whatever upheaval that can be visited on children, the harder it is to take. 
Maybe that's all it is to grow up in the end. 
This is what I was thinking about, anyway, when Michael Jackson died: not what he meant to me but 
what he became to us. I realized that I had never stopped thinking about him the way he seemed to me 
in elementary school; that he wasn't immutably crazy, but a sick man getting sicker: a weird, possibly 
demented and heinous man, falling apart over many years, wrecking his face and body, all the while a 
subject of fascination and ridicule. We made it a joke because it became normal. The trials. The 
surgeries. The accusations. The scandals. Michael Jackson's insanity stopped being insane to us and 
it turned us coarse and awful. 
Yes, there are two types of public insanity. There are the breakdowns. Amanda Bynes. Charlie Sheen. 
Britney Spears. Eruptions of paranoia or mania or rage that spill into view and elicit a balance of 
concern, scorn, judgment, pity. We don't handle these moments well, let's not kid ourselves, but never 
do these events fade into the scenery. We see it and we point to it. That is broken. That person needs 
help. This can't go on. But then there is the more insidious crazy. The slow-boil crazy. The Michael 
Jackson crazy. The crazy that we accept as routine, that changes so slowly that we fail to recognize 
when we have accepted what should be appalling, when we have desensitized ourselves to something 
dark and horrible: when we have become insane ourselves. 
The same happens in our politics. There are of course the psychotic breaks. Fits of idiocy, depravity, 
zeal. When a president takes advantage of an intern in the Oval Office or makes false claims about 
enriched uranium in the State of the Union. When a block of cash is found in the freezer of a 
congressman or the Supreme Court stops a vote count and says, "Our consideration is limited to the 
present circumstances." These are events that stop us in our tracks. But the stopping matters. The 
EFTA01189483
--- PAGE 25 ---
stopping saves us from ourselves. Then there is the other crazy, the crazy that creeps up on you, like a 
messy house that fills with junk until one day you're a hoarder. The Republican elite caught a ride on 
the tiger. But the tiger got sick of waiting for the gazelles it was promised. So the tiger ate its master 
and now here we are. 
The proliferation of horserace political coverage is of this brand of lunacy, where the presumption is 
that a political act will be described on the basis of how it will be perceived, and this in turn determines 
how it is perceived because it's the only way it can be perceived. "Will the president's statement hurt 
him?" Yes, if the coverage asks that question, as the question about the hurt is the hurt, which is how 
we know it hurts. There are more serious examples we can argue about. The way campaigns are 
financed. The expansion of presidential power. The size of our prison system. Yes, there are those 
who get angry about all this. "Hello? This is crazy, right? Anyone?" But eventually we all just go back 
to looking at our phones. And then the government shuts down. 
It happened slowly, didn't it? The change in the Republican Party? I don't know. Maybe it's nostalgia. 
There have always been the wild, vicious voices of the right. The devil on the shoulder of the 
conservative movement that whispers in its ear, "burn it down, burn it down." But those voices were 
to be ignored, humored, tolerated, placated, or just deceived. That was the way of things, and we were 
protected by the obvious: people who believe foolish things tend to be easy to fool. Then it all changed. 
The Republican elite caught a ride on the tiger. But the tiger got sick of waiting for the gazelles it was 
promised, the gazelles that were always one election away. The tiger was hungry and angry and tired 
of being used and the longer it waited the more appetizing the elite on its back became. So the tiger got 
a radio station and a news channel. The tiger got organized and mobilized. And finally the tiger 
realized it didn't need someone kicking its sides telling it which way to run and who to eat and when to 
eat and why it wasn't time to eat and the time to eat would come, don't worry, you'll eat soon enough. 
So the tiger ate its master and now here we are. 
America needs a strong, rational, positive, practical conservative movement. It needs that bulwark 
against liberal delusion and hubris. It needs a voice that says we are imperfect, that life is complex, 
that government can create need even as it meets need, that you can't fix everything and freedom is 
worth some danger and sorrow. And there are smart, honest conservatives at the ready to be that 
voice, to help govern practically and sincerely with that voice, but they are drowned out by the guttural 
scream of craven utopians raging against reality. This moment in American political life is insane. 
That a group of narrow-minded zealots could push us to the brink of economic ruin, that they maintain 
a base of support in their frenzied, quixotic, incompetent gambit, that there is an apparatus that exists 
to defend this kind of nonsense—it came on us slowly but it is no less an emergency. This is broken. 
This cannot go on. And if you can't see that then it's not just the world that's gone mad. You're crazy 
too. 
Getting back to the point: Ted Cruz is Michael Jackson (performer) without talent and his and others 
of his ilk's illogical platitudes are as ridiculous as Michael Jackson's antics of trying to buy the skeleton 
of Elephant Man, bleaching his skin and walking around with a mask. He is a bully whose number one 
priority is getting headlines for himself, even when they paint him as a bit of an idiot. And for an 
entire political party to take him seriously, allowing themselves to march to his drum is as scary as any 
other movement that follows a cult leader offering Kool-Aid laced with poison. He is a political Jim 
Jefferies, who is willing to sacrifice his followers and everything else in pursuit of his own self-
importance, self-indulgence and ego. As such following his lead will only end in disaster, which people 
are now beginning to see. More importantly, to believe that his and other Tea Party stalwarts who 
believe that holding the country economically hostage is rational or normal is one of the biggest 
dangers that we face today. 
EFTA01189484
--- PAGE 26 ---
Votes to end the government 
shutdown 
Here's how senators voted on a bipartisan bill to reopen the government and extend the 
debt ceiling. Eighteen Republicans voted against the Senate deal to reopen the 
government — including three major potential 2016 GOP presidential candidates: Sens. 
Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Rind Paul (R-Ky.). 
Yes 
No 
The House voted to end the government shutdown and raise the debt ceiling late 
Wednesday night. The final tally was 285-144. All 198 Democrats voting were in favor, 
but most Republicans voted against it, by a margin of 144-87. 
Yes 
No 
285 
144 
Rachel Maddow Sums Up The Shutdown In 
One Incredible Graphic 
"Through this process, Republicans said they would shut down the government, or, once 
it was shut down, they would refuse to open the government unless they got each one of 
these things. Of all of these things that they demanded, they got none of them! 
None...these have been sixteen bad days for the country and the economy." Rachel 
Maddow: 10/17/101$
Web Link: 
html 
EFTA01189485
--- PAGE 27 ---
RACHEL MADDOW 
REPUBLICAN DE 
NDS. 
THEY ASKED FOR ... 
• Defund Obamacare 
• Delay Obamacare 
• Delay Individual Mandate 
• Deny Coverage to the 
President 
• Deny Coverage to the Cabinet 
• Deny Coverage to 
Congressional Mailers 
• Deny Birth Control Coverage 
• Approve Keystone Pipeline 
• Means-Testing for Medicare 
• Change Federal Employee 
Pensions 
• Expand Oil Drilling 
• Block Net Neutrality 
• Tort Reform 
• Weaken Regs for 
Coal-fired Power Plants 
• Tax Code Changes 
• Thwart EPA Coal-ash Regulations 
• Repeal Medical Device Tax 
• Change Rules on Debt Ceiling 
THEY GOT ... 
msnbc 
(NOTHING) 
****** 
As Damien Cave wrote this week in the New York Times - Viewing U.S. in Fear and Dismay -
that Mexicans are now describing Washington dysfunction as "berrinehe." Technically defined as a 
tantrum, berrinches are also spoiled little rich kids, blind to their privilege and the effects of their 
misbehavior. "It's a display of American arrogance,"said Raul Silva, 4o, an entrepreneur grabbing 
coffee at an upscale cafe here. "It's a problem, and it's going to affect us." Faced with Washington's 
march toward a default, the world has reacted mostly with disbelief that the reigning superpower could 
fall into such dysfunction, worry over global suffering to come and frustration that American 
lawmakers could let the problem reach this point. A common question crossing continents remains 
quite simple: The Americans aren't really that unreasonable and self-destructive, are they? "It just 
goes to show that it's not only Greece that has irresponsible and shortsighted politiciansfsaid Ioanna 
ICalavryti, 34, a teacher in Athens. "We've been held hostage by our reckless politicians, and the 
interests they serve, for more than three years now. I guess our American friends are getting a taste 
of the same medicine." 
For countries that have had their own experiences with financial crises — often followed by American 
dictates about the need to be more responsible — the brinkmanship in the United States has produced 
an especially caustic mix of bewilderment, offense and more than a little eagerness to scold. Many 
people in countries like Greece, Argentina, Mexico and Russia still have searing memories of defaults 
and their lasting effects, including lost power. Especially galling for those who endured crises of their 
own is the fact that the United States remains sheltered: a default could well hurt weaker countries 
more than the United States, which has the advantage of the dollar's being used as a global currency. 
Indeed, the unequal distribution of power and wealth — part of the exceptionalism that American 
politicians loudly defend — has become a focal point for many foreign economists and officials. If any 
other nation had gotten this close to failing to pay its debts, they say, its economy would have already 
collapsed as investors fled, creating the need for a bailout not unlike what occurred here in Mexico in 
1994. "The U.S.'s exorbitant privilege" — of issuing the world's most widely accepted currency —
"allows it not to have a budget, to bump against debt limit with scant market reaction,"said Luis de 
la Calle, a Mexican economist. 
If Mexico and many other countries shut down their governments, stopped paying salaries and 
threatened to default, he added, the titans of global finance, as they have in the past, would make sure 
the consequences were swift and severe. "We have little choice but to be responsible," Mr. de la Calle 
said. Especially in places accustomed to American lectures on good governance, finger-wagging has 
been easy to find. In Egypt, where the military-backed government has been criticized by the Obama 
administration for its heavy-handed crackdown on opponents, the American woes were splashed 
across the front page of the flagship state newspaper this week with alarm and a hint of satisfaction. 
EFTA01189486
--- PAGE 28 ---
In Argentina, which defaulted on around $100 billion in debt in 2001, then the biggest default in 
history, the newspaper La Nacion pointed out in an article that the United States "is supposedly an 
international leader, and one that speaks every day of setting an example." But in many countries, a 
wide range of people, from executives to shoe shiners, simply seemed surprised and annoyed, with 
some saying they hoped that Washington's dangerous game of chicken would draw to an end without 
global repercussions. "They're putting at risk thousands of jobs here in Mexico,"said Ahmad Fayad, 
31, an administrative assistant leaving a bank in Mexico City. "Many companies here depend on the 
American economy's health. And if everything continues to be so uncertain, they'll start laying 
people off" 
Already, many argue, the standoff in Washington has deepened the sense of America's decline. On the 
streets of many countries, conversations about the United States now regularly include expressions of 
shock and dismay. One businessman in Mexico said that following the fracas was like watching a 
famous couple's marriage collapse in public, with shoving, shouting and ugly insults. How, many ask, 
did the United States become more like the rest of the world, and less of an obvious leader? "I think 
the U.S. is losing its place," said Osama Shawki, a shopkeeper in Cairo. 
Others agreed. "It's strange that such a thing has happened there," said Irina Popova, 40, a 
homemaker in Russia, which suffered a financial collapse and default in 1998. "I always dreamed of 
going to America. It can happen to any country. It was us before, now it's them." On the streets of 
Greece, people seemed to be shaking their heads, stunned at what they saw as American political 
weakness corroding a country of obvious strength. "I never thought a global superpower like the U.S. 
could ever be in a comparable position to Greece,"said Theodore Couloumbis, emeritus professor of 
international relations at the University of Athens. "Both countries are paying dearly for rising 
political tensions. But in America's case, there is the potential for serious global repercussions, too." 
For some, that shared risk led to empathy. "I have lots of friends in America," said Zhanna Lanskaya, 
36, a school director in Moscow. " "I worry what effect it will have on ordinary people." For others, 
though, there was only disappointment — and some sanctimony. Many said that the United States 
needed to accept that the current crisis was the product of the same absolutist tendencies that had 
aggravated foreigners for centuries. "America has fallen into a trap of its own making,"said Artur 
Khanukaev, 26, a ballistics engineer in Moscow. Even if the United States never slips into default, he 
said, the fear of collapse "will be a very good lesson." 
In some countries, pundits have singled out President Obama, questioning his leadership. But 
generally opinion pages have been focused on explaining the Tea Party and condemning it for the 
political paralysis. Columnists in Argentina have written that the Tea Party is blackmailing the United 
States and, in turn, the world. Here in Mexico, Jose Luis Valdes Ugalde, a political science professor at 
the national university, recently compared Tea Party lawmakers to "reckless scoundrels who can sink 
the local and, in passing, also the global economy in the name of a reaction, rather than rational 
action." 
For Mexico, the risks of an American default are enormous. The government shutdown has already 
doubled wait times at some border crossings, slowing commerce with the United States, Mexico's 
largest trading partner. The Mexican peso has fallen to a two-month low, and many business owners 
are anxious about what will come next. Many here and elsewhere say that they expect the United 
States to avoid default. But others say that "tantrums" have come to define Washington, and that a 
reprieve will probably be short lived. "They are supposed to be an example of consensus and 
democracy for the rest of the world,"said Salomon Cavane, 33, the owner of a men's clothing 
business. "The fact they can't come to an agreement because of their pride and their need to show 
who has the power — it is just ridiculous. I find it quite irresponsible as well." 
Although the latest dysfunctionality in Washington didn't result in American's credit-rating being 
downgraded its international reputation and credibility has been seriously damaged. And for Ted 
Cruz, Conservative Republicans and Tea Party supporters, look at the recent chaos in Washington and 
EFTA01189487
--- PAGE 29 ---
THINK Greece, Argentina and Mexico 
or as Michael Jackson use to sing, "The Man in the 
Mirror." 
Recently another ugly truth is surfacing in the form of corporate welfare. We are talking about salaries 
that fundamental measure of what someone's labor is worth by someone else's calculation, is usually 
fraught. Talking about the minimum wage is often harder, especially because low-paying service jobs 
tend to be more readily available these days than alternative occupations. When fast-food workers 
staged protests this summer to demand the federal minimum wage be raised from $7.25 to $15 an 
hour, even sympathetic observers weren't optimistic about the prospects. There seems to be a ready 
supply of people who will work for low wages. And higher wages could lead to higher prices, which few 
so far seem willing to pay; my colleague Venessa Wong figured that if fast-food wages doubled and 
companies did not reduce other costs, the price of a Big Mac could increase by $1 to offset the increase. 
Two studies released today make some different calculations to determine the total cost to American 
taxpayers of a large, low-wage workforce. It comes to an average of $7 billion a year. That's the 
amount of annual public assistance families of fast-food workers received between 2007 and 2011, 
according to a new report written by economist Sylvia Allegretto and others, sponsored by the 
University of California at Berkeley's Labor Center and the University of Illinois at Urbana-
Champaign, and funded by Fast Food Forward, the group that helped organize the summer's labor 
strikes. The authors used publicly available data. The report calls out the fast-food industry for its low 
wages, citing a median salary of $8.69 an hour and a history of offering part-time work. That might 
have been fine when those behind the counter were mostly teenagers living at home. These days, 
though, 68 percent of fast-food workers are single or married adults who aren't in school—and 26 
percent are raising children. 
EFTA01189488
--- PAGE 30 ---
Enrollment and costs of public support programs 
Average cost per family 
S8k 
S6k 
$4k 
,,come 
,
ameawvee
cia 
c
la* 
oed` 
6‘,Aks
cS 
Wa6 
A\
• Participation rate 
VP 
Fool
tksks . 
ce 
coo 
ri • 
Ni
es-
leopo(aceed “ ,` 
to' S
500/0
40% 
30% 
GRAPHIC BY BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK. DATA: UC BERKELEY LABOR CENTER. UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS 
Overall, 52 percent of families of fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance 
programs, compared with 25 percent of the workforce as a whole. Medicaid and the Children's Health 
Insurance Program accounted for nearly $4 billion of the $7 billion figure. The Earned Income Tax 
Credit, food stamps, and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program accounted for the rest. 
"Public benefits receipt is the rule, rather than the exception, for this workforce," the authors write. 
A second study, based on the data collected by Allegretto and her colleagues, names names. Workers 
at McDonald's (MCD), the biggest hamburger chain, are estimated to have received the most public 
assistance: $1.2 billion worth a year from 2007 to 2011. "McDonald's and our independent franchisees 
provide jobs in every state to hundreds of thousands of people across the country," a McDonald's 
spokesperson said. "As with most small businesses, wages are based on local wage laws and are 
competitive to similar jobs in that market." Further background please feel free to read Susan Berfield 
article this week in Bloomberg Businessweek - Fast-Food Wages Come With a $7 Billion 
Side of Public Assistance and This Is What Would Happen IfFast-Food Workers Got 
Raises. 
EFTA01189489
--- PAGE 31 ---
Share of workers enrolled in one or more public 
programs by industry 
0% 
10% 
Public acirninis! kni 
F an 'al ae in i 
\Inforni \I 
N\E\d \u \\nI n
 I 
We s\ 
\iii1inikg\
\ V
• \\ 
holes lb tr 
,
. 9 so
d
ior\\fes 
Professional
\\ 
t..1a\nuibckilg 
\Transp ffliti
\Hea th 
I; 
strtSi\ eq\\\ 
&R) Ik4 
111t14,
'\
Nwth\e\k\ r%le% 
Ntie Ittre, 
eN\\is
\h\
\`, (Au
 rzkaS,c \e<r% 
20% 
30% 
40% 
GRAPHIC BY BLOOMBERO BUSINESSWEEK. DATA UC BERKELEY LABOR CENTER, UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS 
It only gets worse from there. The report begins: "While employers like Wal-Mart seek to reap 
significant profits through the depression of labor costs, the social costs of this low-wage strategy are 
externalized. Low wages not only harm workers and their families—they cost taxpayers." How much? 
About $5,815 per employee, they say. The Democratic staff members analyzed data from Wisconsin's 
Medicaid program, which released data on enrollment by employer as of the end of 2012. Wal-Mart 
Stores (WMT) ranked first on the list, with 3,216 of its employees enrolled in Wisconsin's Medicaid 
program, called Badgereare-F. The authors assume that the workers who are on Medicaid would also 
be receiving reduced-price school meals, housing assistance, and other help. They figure that at a 
single Supercenter in Wisconsin, the 300 or so employees would rely on public assistance programs 
that cost $904,542 a year. 
EFTA01189490
--- PAGE 32 ---
$7.25 per hour current federal M
t
minimum wage 
Average.hourlypaY at Wendy's 
•MODonald's: : • 
• Burger King 
• • Dunkin' Donuts.: : . 
' -Taco Bell 
.:Subivay. 
Pliza Hut
Dairy QUeen 
: 
:Domino's Pizza • . : • 
$10 
$12 
$14 
Obama's proposed 
$9 per hour minimum 
wage 
Who makes $9/hr? 
$16 
i•i
\ ``‘ "
\\\ ``ii`ria.\e\n`drit
in
ementan recrea 
. 
•• s 
\ 
,Model 
.\ ..\\ 
\lafegu rd 
fi
s ler, 
.„.tarbuck 
,
\Motion,puctuk•,projectioni 
\ \\\ 
'N
\\  \ it
\P,r,
‘7e, 
\.\Laundryincrdr tle ni 
rk 
\\ \\.\\,' 
\
\\Hotefdesk clerks 
\ \sue
Fast food workers 
want $15 per hour 
Who makes $1 5/hr? 
Medical secretaries 
Animal control workers 
Fitness trainers and aerobics instructors 
Quarry rock splitters 
Slot machine supervisors 
Bill collectors 
Telephone operators 
Dancers and choreographers 
GRAPHIC BY BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK. DATA: BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS. PAYSCALE 
For years, jobs in fast-food restaurants have had a bad reputation—and bad pay to match. That hasn't 
stopped an estimated 3.9 million Americans from landing behind the counter. In late July, thousands 
of fast-food employees in seven U.S. cities staged one-day strikes, demanding $15 an hour—about two-
thirds more than the roughly $9 hourly wage a typical worker at these restaurants earns and twice the 
federal minimum wage of $7.25. Although the protests have ended with no imminent change in sight, 
they raise this question: What are the business consequences of paying fast-food workers a living 
wage? 
Restaurant owners say that their businesses already operate on slim margins and they would be forced 
to increase menu prices, resulting in fewer customers—and jobs. Supporters of higher wages argue that 
at a time when corporate profits are higher than ever, there's room to pay restaurant workers more. 
"People are always going to want to make more money,"says Steve Caldeira, chief executive officer of 
the International Franchise Association, many of whose members operate quick-service restaurants. 
"It comes back to, can paying higher labor costs be sustained over time in this economic 
environment?" 
EFTA01189491
--- PAGE 33 ---
But when companies/businesses aren't paying their workers a livable wage, people suffer leaving it up 
to the government to see if they and their families have enough to eat, shelter and healthcare. People 
who are only making minimum wage, earn $290 a week and $58 a day. How can these people survive 
on this little, especially when it has to include the cost of their shelter, food, utilities, clothing, 
transportation and pocket money. As the aforementioned studies and statistics show these hard 
working citizens end up relying on public assistance to get by. As far as I am concerned this is 
corporate welfare, because with employees willing to work and able to survive, wages would rise. 
Walmart maybe able to source flat screens in China and MacDonalds maybe able to expand 
throughout Asia but if they want to protect their markets here in America they will need local workers 
and these employee jobs can not be outsourced. 
As Eugene Robinson wrote on Friday in The Huffington Post in his op-ed - Republicans' 
Hollow Defeat - that although President Obama's victory this week over House Republicans was as 
complete and devastating as Sherman's march through the South there were no sign that the zealots of 
the anti-government far right have learned the lessons of their defeat — which means that more battles 
lie ahead. Example: House Speaker John Boehner Wednesday's description of the GOP surrender as, 
"We fought the good fight; we just didn't win." This was not a good fight. Republicans picked an 
objective that was never realistic — forcing Obama to nullify the Affordable Care Act, his biggest 
achievement — and tactics that amounted to self-immolation. And even worse, Sen. Ted Cruz, who 
having persuaded House Republicans to jump off a cliff, the Canadian-born Texan and apparent 
presidential hopeful now blames the inevitable result — splat! — on the fact that Senate Republicans 
didn't come along for the plunge. 
Boehner a rational man, knew from the start that the GOP would be blamed for shuttering the 
government and that he could never really allow the Treasury to default. So what on earth was the 
point? Apologists say that Boehner had to go through with the shutdown and go down to the wire on 
the debt ceiling to show the hard-core tea party members of his caucus that "we control one-half of 
one-third of the government," as the speaker has said — that a slender House majority has limited 
power. But come on, really? Can these people not count? Or have they such blind faith in their own 
wisdom that they think they are divinely ordained to prevail, whatever the odds? That is the mind-set 
of crusaders, not legislators. 
By standing with his troops in a lost cause, Boehner won respect and admiration from the most 
conservative House Republicans, including the tea party caucus. But I doubt this enhanced authority 
goes very far or means all that much. Boehner's headstrong charges have shown that they will follow 
him obediently — as long as he charts whatever nonsensical and counterproductive course of action 
the radical right demands. They'll follow him into a box canyon of their choosing. But will they follow 
him into any sort of meaningful compromise with Obama, whom they so ardently demonize? I doubt 
it. 
There are some who see Cruz for what he is. "The fact is, if you come up with a strategy that's going to 
shut down the government of the United States, and you have no way of winning, you're either a 
fraud or you're totally incompetent," Rep. Peter King (R-M) told CNN. 'We are not going to allow 
Ted Cruz to hack this party." Many House Republicans — perhaps a majority — would agree. But few 
will utter such sentiments out loud, what with powerful right-wing pressure groups such as Heritage 
Action still sounding the battle cry. Hopefully the GOP will not be as eager to threaten default or 
another shutdown anytime soon. But the agreement reached between Senate Majority Leader Harry 
Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell calls for wide-ranging budget talks aimed at the 
kind of "grand bargain" that Boehner and Obama tried to achieve two years ago. From the way that 
Conservative Republicans are framing their latest blunder it is hard to believe that the party is ready to 
budge from its basic demands — to focus on deficit reduction, not economic growth, through tax and 
entitlement cuts, with no new revenue. Unless Republicans are willing to compromise and accept 
Obama's "balanced approach" of both cuts and revenue, there will be no grand bargain or even a 
middle-size one. 
EFTA01189492
--- PAGE 34 ---
Instead, we may get a series of small, discrete fiscal deals that do little good but no real harm. That's 
actually progress. We may also see the sensible, non-suicidal wing of the Republican Party take Obama 
up on his offer to tackle immigration reform. To put it mildly, the GOP needs a popularity boost. As 
Robinson wrote, "we won't see is the old pattern of the GOP smashing the crockery and getting its 
way because the President has shown that even the most irrational of tantrums can be stilled by the 
power of no." But the fact is that they haven't learned anything other than they can't bully the 
President and the rational center. 
THIS WEEK's QUOTE 
It is insane not to raise the debt ceiling.... Now I know that there are a lot of people, new people 
particularly in the House and folks like some of the guys in Heritage and other places talking about we 
should burn the house down so that we can build a new one. Well that's just fine if you knew what you 
were talking about. BUT YOU DON'T!!! 
Thomas Donahue — October 13, 2013 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce, President & CEO 
THIS WEEK's MUSIC 
This week, I would like to invite you the share the music of U2 which is an Irish rock band from 
Dublin. Formed in 1976, the group consists of Bono (vocals and guitar), The Edge (guitar, keyboards, 
and vocals), Adam Clayton (bass guitar), and Larry Mullen, Jr. (drums and percussion). U2'S early 
sound was rooted in post-punk but eventually grew to incorporate influences from many genres of 
popular music. Throughout the group's musical pursuits, they have maintained a sound built on 
melodic instrumentals, highlighted by The Edge's timbrally varied guitar sounds and Bono's expressive 
EFTA01189493
--- PAGE 35 ---
vocals. Their lyrics, often embellished with spiritual imagery, focus on personal themes and 
sociopolitical concerns. 
U2 formed at Mount Temple Comprehensive School in 1976 when the members were teenagers with 
limited musical proficiency. Within four years, they signed with Island Records and released their 
debut album Boy. By the mid-1980s, they became a top international act. They were more successful as 
a touring act than they were at selling records, until their breakthrough 1987 album The Joshua Tree 
which, according to Rolling Stone, elevated the band's stature "from heroes to superstars". Reacting to 
musical stagnation and criticism of their earnest image and musical direction in the late-198os, the 
group reinvented themselves with their 1991 hit album Achtung Baby and the accompanying Zoo TV 
Tour; U2 integrated dance, industrial, and alternative rock influences into their sound, and embraced 
a more ironic and self-deprecating image. Similar experimentation continued for the remainder of the 
1990s with varying levels of success. U2 regained critical and commercial favour in the 2000s with the 
records All That You Can't Leave Behind (2000) and How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb (2004), 
which established a more conventional, mainstream sound for the group. Their U2 360° Tour from 
2009-2011 was the highest-attended and highest-grossing concert tour in history. 
U2 have released 12 studio albums and are among the all-time best-selling music artists, having sold 
more than 150 million records worldwide. They have won 22 Grammy Awards, more than any other 
band, and in 2005, they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in their first year of 
eligibility. Rolling Stone ranked U2 at number 22 in its list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" and 
has labelled them the "Biggest Band in the World". Throughout their career, as a band and as 
individuals, they have campaigned for human rights and philanthropic causes, including Amnesty 
International, the ONE/DATA campaigns, Product Red, and The Edge's Music Rising. Without a 
doubt, U2 is one of the greatest bands of its era and aside from the music they are one of the great 
examples of how music and culture can work together to influence the better good around the world. 
Please enjoy 
U2 - With Or Without You -- http://youtu.be/XmSdTaokaiQ
U2 — Sweetest Thing -- http://
51V)Tit263bW 
U2 — Beautiful Day -- httpjL/youtu.be/co6WMzDOhio 
U2 - Where The Streets Have No Name -- http://youtu.be/GzZWSrr5wFl
U2 - Pride (In The Name of Love) -- httPjiy0lltU.beiLHCP4MWABGY 
U2 - Mysterious Ways -- httmllyoutu.be/TxcDTUMLQE
U2 - II Want is YOU -- httpj,/youtu.be/qWBK.BkEJQRk
U2 - One -- httpidyoutu.be/HvGWUsOdok 
U2 - Stay (Faraway, So Close!) -- http://youtu.be/wxzucrnazIPS
U2 - I Still Haven't Found What Im Looking For -- httpijyoutu.be/Pbi.X.Xs7e7ac 
I hope that you enjoy this week's offerings and wish you a great week 
Sincerely, 
EFTA01189494
--- PAGE 36 ---
Greg Brown 
Gregory Brown 
Chairman & CEO 
GlobalCast Fanners, LW 
US: +1-415-994-7851 
Tel: +14004064892 
Fax: +1-310461-0927 
wi
er
;07Csi 
EFTA01189495

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris < 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Weekend Snippets [C] 
Date: Mon, 21 Oct 2013 00:44:26 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: graycol.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Vinit is working with me on some large clients now, good resource, I will introduce you to him and few other sr. folks before year end 
either in NYC or in europe, just some directional thoughts/observations not necessarily for you, 
• 
Vinit Sahni 
--- Original Message 
From: Vinit Sahni 
Sent: 10/20/2013 07:05 PM CDT 
To: Vinit Sahni 
Subject: Weekend Snippets (internal only) (I) 
Classification: For internal use only 
Here we are -> record highs for the S&P 500, the S&P 400 Midcaps, and small cap Russell 2000. Should we be asking ourselves if this is 
the Terminal Phase or will this continue ? 
In these snippets here is a quick mark to market on where we are and some of the trades below. The theme of the trades below is very clear, 
carry outperformance and lower vol. Vol has broken down and we are on the leg down to 2009 levels (includes FX vol, rates vol, 
commodity vol etc) -> this has prompted additional risk taking and technicians for example are calling for 1775 levels in the S&P -> 
sharpe ratios of high carry trades looks very compelling here 
Mark to Market: 
With the US government reopened / debt ceiling raised, Obama stated -> there were "no winners." It's been only about 3 weeks, but the 
fourth quarter has already shown itself worthy of the history books. If the spec community can hold gains through year-end (the vol 
markets are alluding to) -> the ranks of billionaires will surely inflate further. No winners, right ? 
This week saw the S&P500, the S&P 400 Mid-Cap Index and the small cap Russell 2000 all trade to record highs. The week's 2.8% 
advance increased the small caps' year-to-date gain to 31.3%. Google added about 140 points and $38.5bn of market cap this week (to 
$338bn) to reach an all-time high (up 43% y-t-d). The more speculative "beta" stocks continue to outperform. The NASDAQ 100 (up 3.7% 
this week), Morgan Stanley High Tech Index (up 2.6%) and The Interactive Week Internet Index (3.4%) all traded to the highest levels 
since 2000. Treasury, MBS, and corporate debt prices were higher as well. It all adds up. 
The QE-enhanced 2013 version of "how crazy do things get?" is outshining even the 1999 speculative melee, yeah!!. The (post-LTCM 
bailout) year 1999 saw the small cap Russell 2000 Index jump from 422 to 505 (19.7%). This year, it has already run from 849 to 1,114 (up 
31.3%). The S&P400 Midcap Index jumped from 392 to 445 in 1999 (13.5%). With more than two months to go, so far it's 1,020 to 1,290 
for the midcaps (up 26.5%). 
Why stop just at the US. Germany's DAX equities index added 1.6% this week to a new all-time high (up 16.5% y-t-d). Italian stocks 
jumped 2.1% (up 18.4% y-t-d) and Spanish stocks surged 3.5% (up 22.5%), both to more than two-year highs. Australian stocks gained 
1.7% (up 14.5% y-t-c1). Despite major economic issues, India's stock market jumped 1.7% this week to within a couple percent of new 
highs. Stocks jumped 4.2% in Brazil and 4.3% in Argentina. Indonesian stocks rallied 4.5%. Around the globe, most equities markets 
pushed higher. Fueled by huge ETF flows, total equity mutual fund inflows this past week jumped to a whopping $12.7bn. 
You may want to see this -> On a weekly basis, global central bank International Reserve Assets (data from Bloomberg). This data provide 
a decent proxy for global financial flows, especially to the emerging markets (EM). From $6.63 TN back in April of 2009,  International 
Reserves surged this week to a record $11.415 TN. Reserves have inflated 330% in ten years. 
Lets focus on some trades here: 
EFTA01189496
--- PAGE 2 ---
1) This environment is supportive for carry trades, which has been reflected in the outperformance of high yielders following the 
announcement of the US debt deal. 
Long AUD/USD: Longer term investors remain relatively short AUD, which suggests that AUDUSD strength has further to run. A move 
above parity is unlikely as the RBA should step in. Therefore buy 2m 0.9750 call against selling 2x 0.9900 calls. The AUDUSD risk 
reversal looks cheap (calls expensive relative to puts). This suggests selling high-strike calls, either outright for those that do not expect 
further AUD appreciation or to finance a low-strike call for a short-term carry position. 
Long KRW NDF : this trade will benefit should CNY appreciation or band widening expectations gain additional traction 
Long USD TRY: the market remains relatively short TRY, and with risk premium in USDTRY declining the most among major currencies, 
these short positions are likely to be at risk from carry traders. 
2) HY vs IG compression trade in Europe: Six weeks of retail outflows from high-grade funds but retail inflows into high-yield funds 
shows that the compression trade in credit is firmly entrenched in Europe. There is a structural reach for yield and this trade still has some 
legs. I would however hedge out rate risk and stick with spread risk. I will point out that more than $200bn of "cov-lite" loans have been 
issued so far this year, more than double the $100bn sold in 2007. The record issuance means that about 56 per cent of new leveraged loans 
are now cov-lite !! 
3) Long Europe small caps: This is a leveraged trade to a European recovery. European small + mid caps have a higher potential for 
upside. As European economies improve and small to mid cap valuations in the region continue to look attractive, a re-acceleration of sales 
and earnings at these companies should drive better performance in European small to mid caps versus the US. Investors looking for yield 
will find higher levels in Europe versus the US with European small to mid caps yielding near 3% versus approximately 1.4% in the US. 
4) Long IT stocks: overall IT spend is expected to grow 0.9% in 2014 compared to —0.7% growth. Corporate spending sentiment now is on 
the uptick prompting this move. Also keep an eye on data center growth. Demand for data center services is due to, First, technological 
evolution -> driving up computing density (servers) and utilization rates (virtualization), therefore data center space must constantly evolve 
to meet power and cooling needs. Second, increased cost consciousness and core competency focus -> driving greater acceptance of data 
center outsourcing within Enterprise IT departments. 
5) Long Italian Banks / Italian Govvies: another leveraged play on the European periphery recovery. Unicredit clearly stands out. UCG will 
definitely gain from the European banking union theme. There has been recent talk of this year / early 2014 as a point when impaired loan 
growth may finally subside and I expect a wide range of cost cutting action. Our strategists think "Italy looks attractive in a twin deficits 
framework and should benefit from improving fiscal and credit impasse, political risk premium should decline", therefore they recommend 
buying 10y Italy vs Germany at 230bps, targetting a spread at 200bps 
6) Euro Inflation floors: In the euro inflation options market, 5y 0% inflation floor prices are close to their lows. This is not consistent with 
the 5y inflation swap rates which are by themselves close to lows -> meaning deflation is closer-to-the-money. Inflation volatility has 
collapsed, probably mostly for purely technical reasons as is all other vol !!. Deflation is not anyone's central case, but a "underpriced tail 
risk". This creates opportunity for those prepared to pay premium for this risk and therefore would recommend buying the charted 5y 0% 
zero coupon floors at or around the current level of 20c. 
7) KOSPI Calls: The KOSPI2 has been trading within a tight range, realizing only 9.8% over the past 30 days, the lowest globally. Low 
realized vol has capped short-dated implied vol, driving 1m ATM vol to 12.8%, near all time lows. The Index broke out from a tight range 
last week and investors should consider buying short-dated calls for upside exposure or replace outright longs with calls. The differential 
between positioning in EM equities and European equities has reached an extreme — worst on record and 2.4 stdev below its 10-year 
average. Even the NKY 3M ATM vol dropped to an 8-month low !!! 
8) UK Banks: On the back of weak FICC earnings across the street, Barclays I feel has hit Rock Bottom. This reflects the sentiment around 
FICC geared investment banks generally, but also the horrible six months that management has seen. My personal view is that rates + 
credit will recover in 2014 as tapering will create a steeper curve and volatility. I also think Barclays leverage ratios will improve soon and 
Barclays will push through an aggressive cost cutting plan. 
Quick Macro Snippet.
What should we be focused on: The most important market drivers will now be the 1) US labor market data and 2) Eurozone inflation. An 
improvement in the former will determine the timing and pace of Fed tapering. A decline in the latter will determine whether the ECB will 
stay on hold, or loosen policies. The Sep NFP is on Tuesday stay focused. 
Gold some technicals - couldn't resist: The bears are still fighting the recent up move, here are some technicals to rebase... 
The volatility in gold over the past several days has been impressive. A close above 1330 (Oct-08 high) would be the first sign of basing 
and a turn higher, while bulls gain control only AFTER a close above 1375 (Sep-19 high). A close below 1270 exposes the Jun-13, bear 
trend lows of 1180 
EFTA01189497
--- PAGE 3 ---
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189498

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189499.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 11 Nov 2013 03:25:58 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Vivienne, Eric and I in NY last night celebrating the completion of the book. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189499

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189500.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Blue Beach- Boat stuck 
Date: Mon, 11 Nov 2013 12:26:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2)jpeg 
Ann R. 
Ann R 
EFTA01189500
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189501
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189502

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189503.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 11 Nov 2013 12:35:40 +0000 
lane-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18bejpg 
estate planning fees are deductible as "miscellaneous itemized deductions" ..subject to the 2% adjusted gross income 
limitation...also, 
the deductible portion of such expenses (exceeding 2% of AGI) are 
an AMT adjustment. if client is in an AMT position, such expenses (like state 
income taxes) will not yield any tax benefit. 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
xt 404) 
Direct line) 
Fax) 
Cell) 
Email: 
Website: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, November 10, 2013 5:55 PM 
To: Thomas Turrin 
Subject: 
esate palnning fees are deductible. income producing property 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189503
--- PAGE 2 ---
RAICH 
ENDE 
MALTER CO. LLP 
GUMMI" PUSU ACCOUNTANTS 6 ADVISORS 
Pttlic
Accounting 
2TOP 
El 0 0 
•FIRMS 
PrimeGlobal 
An Association of 
Independent Accounting Firms 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential. intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication. you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such. you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s). you may disclose. print. copy. disseminate. or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception an
 use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments). unless expressly stated otherwise. was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing. or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA01189504

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189505.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Google Account Activity <noreply-accotmtactivity@accounts.google.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Your new Google Account Activity Report is now available 
Date: Mon, 11 Nov 2013 13:06:37 +0000 
Inline-Images: google_logo.png; as_logo_128.png 
Google 
Your new Google Account Activity Report (Oct 12, 2013 - Nov 8, 2013) 
has been created and is now available to you. 
Open Account Activity Report 
If you'd like to manage your Google Account Activity Reports, go to: 
https://www.google.com/settings/activity/manage 
O 2013 Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View. CA 94043, USA. Privacy Policy I Terms of Service 
You are receiving this notification for every newly generated Google Account Activity Report. Change reminder settings 
EFTA01189505

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189506.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: bellaklein 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 12:52:07 +0000 
Attachments: 3233828_inv.pdfi 3233828_rec.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
Please confirm that I can make payment in the amount of $500. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin forwarded message: 
Date: March 5, 2014, 3:27:19 AM EST 
To: Bella Klein
Good morning, Bella 
I've got the official letter from NYFA 
They confirmed the payment and wrote that I am conditionally applied, now they ask to make the deposit payment 
of ssoo as soon as possible in order to reserve the place and to pay the whole price 30 days prior to the start of the 
class. 
I attached the invoice and receipt. 
EFTA01189506

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189507.pdf
----------------------------------------
• 
Application Fee 
Tuition 
Equipment Fees 
International Student Fee 
Housing Fee 
Total Payment Received: 
FIL 
ACAUMY 
NEW YIDUF
M 
ID 
 SCHOOL OF FILM AND ACTING 
3/4/2014 
INVOICE 
Jul 2014: 6 Week Film and Hi- Def 
Paris, France 
Beginning Sunday, July 13, 2014 
Full Payment is required 30 days prior to the start of class. 
S50.00 
S4,200.00 
S750.00 
3233828 
$50.00 
Tuition Balance due 6/13/14: 
$4,950.00 
PLEASE NOTE: This tuition balance does not reflect any financing you may be receiving from 
Federal Student Aid, Private Loans, or Outside Assistance. If you have any question, please contact your 
admissions counselor: at 
Students in certain programs (Fihnmaking, Cinematography, Producing, and Photography) will incur 
additional material expenses on their own productions. These costs will vary depending on the program 
and the student's own spending choices. 
If this amount has been paid. please disregard this imoice. Thank con. 
Please make your check or money order, in US dollars, payable to the: NEW YORK FILM ACADEMY, LTD. 
If you prefer to do a bank transfer, please include the following info: 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
230 Park Avenue South 
New York, NY 10003 
USA 
* Please ensure that the name of the student, the date of the workshop, and the location of the workshop are 
put in the special instructions box on the transfer. We will not know to whom to credit the money if the name, 
date, and location of the workshop are not on the transfer. When possible, fax the bank receipt of the transfer 
to the New York Film Academy at 212-V4-0282. 
If mailing a payment, please send it to: New York Film Academy 
Attn: Admissions Office 
100 East 17th St. 
NEW Y0RK CITY, 100 East 17th Siren New York. NY 10003 
LOS ANGELES 3300 ROVII-00 Drive. CA 91505 
t 1.100611 FILM 
1-212,634-4300 It 1312-477-1414 It limenyls eta 
t 1 SU 9195 NYFA I 1 BIB 333 3551 
f 1816433.3551 I • stmOosania etly 
WWW.NYEA.EDU 
ABU [Haat UAL • AUSTRAIN• FLORFarF . SOUTH BEACH • HARVARD UPIVERSFYY• • DCAEY MOOS' • PAR6• • BRAD? • KYOTO' • 2EI.t10• • SHANGHM• • Se011."." :Rao am 
EFTA01189507

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189508.pdf
----------------------------------------
%tit YIDUF 
FILM ACAIDUMY 
SCHOOL OF FILM AND ACTING 
RECEIPT 
Date: 3/4/2014 
Bill to: 
ID Number 
Registered Class Name 
3233828 
Jul 2014: 6 Week Film and Hi- Def 
Paris, France 
Total Costs 
S5,000.00 
Pymt. Posted 
Operation 
I Payment Type 
I 
Payment 
3/4/2014 
Payment 
Credit Card 
S50.00 
Totals 
Total Costs 
S5.000.00 
Received 
S50.00 
Balance 
54.950.00 
NEW YORK COY 100 East 17t Wiwi Now Yoh. NY 10003 
LOS ANGELES 3100 R•••••• Cow. CA91505 
t 1-806011-FILM 
1-212-874-4X0 I 1 1-212-4111414 
I Wm:Kyle QS. 
t 1-806906NYFA 1 1-8163313550 
I 14111333-35 7 
• Kulosenyta !Au 
WWW.NYFA.EDU 
ABU DHABI UAE .AUSTRLLN. FLORENCE • SOUTH MAGI • KOSAW10 UNTERSITY• . DISNEY SUMS' • PARIS' . BRAM' • KYOTO' • BELING• . SNANGMI• . SEOIA"S••••E• Mty 
Page 1 printed at 5:00:52 PM on 3/4/2014 
EFTA01189508

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189509.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 11 Nov 2013 17:50:31 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I nline-I mages: wlEmoticon-smile[1].png 
Wednesday or Friday would be great 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Sunda 
November 10, 2013 10:22 PM 
To: 
what day would be good for you for paris 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
what day 
EFTA01189509

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189510.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA01189510

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189511.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Adam Bly Agreement 
Date: Mon, 11 Nov 2013 21:41:32 +0000 
Attachments: November 2013_Forbearance_Agreement.docx 
Attached is Adam agreement for the period Nov 12 2013 - Nov 12 2014 
Principal Amount: 300,000 
Interest Rate: 24% 
Total Interest Per Agreement: 72,000 
Legal & Marshall Expenses: 16,700 
Total Paid per agreement 
88,700 
Please advise if Darren or I should send to Adam for signature. 
Thank you 
Richard Kahn 
tel 
fax 
cell 
EFTA01189511

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189512.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 11 Nov 2013 22:40:36 +0000 
Attachments: fl
esume.docx 
Resume attached. Let me know if you need any other information. Thanks! 
On Mon, Nov 11, 2013 at 5:28 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
do you have a resume? 
On Mon, Nov 11, 2013 at 6:26 PM, 
Meeting on Saturday would be great for me--I'm free all day. 
Looking forward, 
cO 
wrote: 
On Mon, Nov 11, 2013 at 5:13 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can we skype anyday,  or meet fri or sat. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA01189512
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189513

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189514.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189514

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189515.pdf
----------------------------------------
PASS 
PASSPORT 
PASSEPORT 
SVERIGE SWEDEN St1DE 
N, 
P 
SWE 
82432669 
Nkitior,,itii.‘.!.'Niti(w,ility 
SVENSK SWEDISH SUEDOISE 
swE
,IM«.1c.,f1Atiim,l);444 rit hirfh,fialø de rlaISSalit'i-'
L ängd,Height Tallfe 
175 CM 
Pørcernnr,Porqnnal id Nr) N r 
Kön/Sex/Sexe 
Födelseort/Place of buthil.ieu cit) mols ir + 
K/F 
LYSVIK 
7. Myndighet/Authority/Autorile 
POLISMYNDIGHETEN I STOCKHOLMS LÄN 
B. Uttårdel/Date ol issue/Date de deavrance 
d rrientitt 
10. Innehavarens namnfeckning(Holde+ 
s.,grati:re 
JUN/JUN 11 
Signet e du tit y4eir 
Siste olltighetsdag/Date of expiry/Date d expiration 
/1, I I ( 14
JUN/JUN 16 
EFTA01189515

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189516.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith •t:
a> 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: "Vahe Stepanian" alMa>, 
"Paul Morris" <a 
Subject: Unwind your CAD [C] 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 14:51:13 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
lnlin 
mages: graycol.gif; 1B292101.gif; I B296578.gif; I B880376.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Consider unwinding your cad trade. See Nav's comments below, but essentially higher energy prices and outflows of short CAD are 
expected to provide support/remove downward pressure on the currency. 
You paid $109k for your reverse knock-in call spread. Indicative unwind level today is $136k (source: DB WM FX Tading, 3/5/14). 
Consider taking the $27k gain. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Nay Gupta 
--- Original Message 
FSOO: HAW Gupta 
Sent: 03/05/2014 01:02 PM GMT 
To: Tazia Smith; 
Subject: usdcad update for JE (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
; Vinit Sahni 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs US rates compared to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
EFTA01189516
--- PAGE 2 ---
Last Price 
(3 • 
CDSW2 Curncy 1.3460 
CI ■ USSW2 Curncy 0.4705 
if:77 
oliCDSW2 Curncy - USSW2 Curncy 0.8755 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
2013 
CDSW2 Curacy (CAD SWAP 
YR) Daily OSSEP2013-0514AR2014 
Copyright? 2014 Blcomberg 
- - 
1.05 
1.00 
0.95 
n an 
0.8755 
0.85 
0.80 
0.75 
SPREAD SUMMARY 
Last 
0.8755 
Mean 
0.932 
Off Avg 
-0.0565 
Median 
0.9566 
StDev 
0.0796 
StDev from mean 
-0.7098 
Percentile 
28.4615 
High 09/18/13 
1.0675 
Low 01/23/14 
0.754 
05-Har-2014 12:56:1z 
2014 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients have been exiting canadian risk (pimco ed devlin in ft last 
week) but nevertheless given I and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on usdcad here and therefore dont like the trade anymore 
Nay 
Nay Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Filiale London 
Mei tlerlin Ad-en! c 101/n,111. fl,nnernmanf 
My proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAVVM Key Client Partners (-Ken London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any legally 
binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail only. The 
KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID). who understand the strategy. 
characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the 
relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
Pan-int* Pgeferent 
EFTA01189517
--- PAGE 3 ---
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189518

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189519.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 20:53:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189519
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189520
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189521

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189522.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 20:54:29 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189522
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189523
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189524
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01189525

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189526.pdf
----------------------------------------
Re: 
see, 
; 
Ir 
de"' 
&&&&& 
1.^ 
• 
• 
• 
, , 
t 
&&&&&&& 
it
' • 
EFTA01189526

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189527.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Karyna Shuliak <Ma 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 22:05:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG; photo 4.JPG; photo_5.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189527
--- PAGE 2 ---
, 
With 
ralUILIWarars 
tete
 Err 
EFTA01189528
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01189529
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01189530
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01189531

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189532.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lvjel <la> 
To: jeevacation(qtmail.com 
Subject: 8727 
Date: Wcd, 09 Oct 2013 22:13:23 +0000 
Attachments: B727cngincinspcction.pdf; FuclpriccDubia.pdf 
Jeffrey. how does this email to the Sultan look? can you insert corrections please? I will send after you approve. 
thx. Larry 
Dear Sultan. 
in response to operational cost. Pleas see my comments in BLUE ink to your original email. 
I have compiled actual cost to address these numbers that were presented to you,. many of these numbers are inflated. I have attached 
the actual cost of the #2 engine corrosion inspection for your review. Price for #2 engine was $237.000.00 and will not be due until 2021 now, 
its a 8 year inspection on this engine. 
Engines #1 and #3 are due every 9 years, and come due 2014. next year. I have included a verbal quote received today from Atlantic Gas 
Turbines in Miami, price for #1 and #3 engines is $118,500 per engine, however that does not include possible repair of LLP turbine disc that 
may require additional replacement, "IF" needed price per engine is budged at $225k to MAX of $300k for each engine total, see email below: 
NOT the $1M per engine your email states below: 
Engines #1 and #3 are verbally quoted in this email from today: 
From: 
Date: October 9. 2013. 5:30:50 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: 219 Engines: Repair Estimate 
Hi Larry. 
I discussed with Atlantic Gas Turbine Corp today the two 219 engines that will require ASB 6435 HPC Corrosion Inspection 
and Hot Section Inspection of exposed combustion hardware. 
They verbally indicated a fixed price to accomplish 
ASB 6435! AD HPC Corrosion Inspection 
HSI Inspection 
Test/ Fuel and Oil 
all Build Up ( 100% expendables) parts 
Strip/ Repair and Recoat of HPC Disks 
Return engine to service. Preserve Long Term 
Pricing was quoted at $118.500.00 per engine. 
LLP Replacement will be considered Over and Above this pricing 
as will any other requirements to the engine due to exposure for ASB 6435. 
With replacement of LLPs and possibly requirements to the N1 Compressor! Fan Section due to condition 
a good budgetary estimate for Repair of the engines would be in the range of 5 225K to 5300K per engine. 
AGTC can provide a written quotation at your request. 
Thanks 
Michael Maier 
Dear Sultan, 
Re the 8727 Super VIP, have been trying to put a number on the costs. 
On first thought is that this a very expensive plane to operate, as it was manufactured in 1969, which 
makes it 44 years old. 
EFTA01189532
--- PAGE 2 ---
Without seeing the current inspection status and what is due, it is hard to put a "cost' to the maintenance 
requirements. 
If the aircraft was to be operated on a "Dry Lease" — ( A dry lease is a leasing arrangement whereby an 
aircraft financing entity, such as GECAS and ILFC (lessor), provides an aircraft without insurance, crew, 
ground staff, supporting equipment, maintenance, etc.) then you would pay a fixed cost for the "lease" of 
the aircraft and then be responsible for all other direct operating costs plus maintenance. 
I have attached a breakdown of what the fixed costs are estimated to be. As you will see this is approx. 
$1,220,651 per year. 
FUEL Burn is 1350 gallons per hour fact at Mach .80 and if you fly at Mach .78 fuel burn is 1250 gallons per hour, our 
aircraft flys at 39,000 and 41,000 ft regularly, some pilots elect to fly lower such as 33,000 and 35,000 feet, this will 
give you the 1575 gallons per hour your sheet states. 
The variable costs (ie the cost to fly the aircraft are estimated to be $13,617 per hour) PLEASF NOTF 
THIS EXCLUDES ANY MAJOR PFRODIC MAINTFNCF nuF (i.e. Yearly C checks and D checks as well 
as engine visits 
There are No "D" checks on this maintenance program as stated above  this aircraft is MSG-3 maintenance specialty 
formulated for Low utilization aircraft New Gulfstream 550 and similar come from the factory with MSG-3. We 
complete C1 and C2 checks in multiples of two Next year  2014 is a light "C" that we hudgeted $150 000 00 next 
heavy "C" check is 2016. MSG-3 programs section each  part of the aircraft that is address each 24 months such as 
Tail section Wing internals Lower Bildge  Fuselage and below floor We just oompleted the Lower bilge
inspection during  this maintenance visit which required us to remove all the AUX Fuel tanks located in the fwd and aft 
fuselage  11 total for inspection and overhaul. 
The more hours you fly then your hourly cost comes down. 
However, for example, x2 of the engines are due AD 2003-16-05, this involves a complete engine strip 
down, and I estimate this will cost approx. $1 mill per engine as well as 3months down time. 
S1M per engine is not correct, I have attached the estimate for the corrosion inspection just completed on #2 
engine, This requirement on #2 engine is 8 year intervals, next due is 2021. Total price for #2 engine which 
has 35,190 hours corrosion inspection was $237,000.00 total, (I am in the process of obtaining a firm price for 
engine #1 and #3 which have a total time of only 3720 hours from the same shop that completed our #2 
engine). Down time is quoted as 35 - 40 days. 
I also see a "C" check is due in Feb 2014 — on a 1969 vintage aircraft, you are looking at an open 
cheque book. 
TRAINING: 
There is mention of Crew Training at a cost of $99,000.00 per year, I use FM approved PanAM Flight academy in 
Miami training my pilots for $6,500 for TOTAL for all three crew member,. 
FUEL Pricing: 
I have firm fuel price for today in Dubai at $3.30 per gallon, and Paris is $5.90, your email below indicates an average 
fuel price of $7.38 
I have attached quote. 
Insurance cost for 2013 was $125,000 
BOEING VIP SUPER 727 
ESTIMATED VARIABLE COSTS PER HOUR 
EFTA01189533
--- PAGE 3 ---
Corporate 
Fuel (1) 
$11.623.50 
Fuel Additives 
0.00 
Lubricants 
0.00 
Maintenance Labor (2) 
427.50 
Parts Arframe/Eng/Avion (3) 
197.43 
Engine Restoration (4) 
627.06 
Thrust Reverser Allowance 
12.54 
Propeller Allowance 
0.00 
APU Allowance 
68.97 
Major Periodic Maintenance 
0.00 
Misc Exp. Landing/Parking 
216.21 
- Crew Expenses 
290.58 
- Supplies/Catering 
153.30 
- Other 
0.00 
Total Variable Cost/Hour 
$13,617.09 
Cost per Nautical Mile 
$31.30 
Average Speed-Kts (5) 
435.00 
REFERENCE 
Size of operation: 
Date: 10/6/2013 
Currency: $ 
1. Fuel Cost 
7.38 
Gallons/Hour Blk Fuel/Flt Time +15% 
1,575 
2. Maint Labor Cost per Hr 
90.00 
Maint. Hrs/Flt Hours 
4.75 
Aircraft Model Year 
1984 
3. Ind Engine Parts Cost 
No 
Engine Model 
JT8D-17 & 217C 
4. Overhaul Cost Source 
Estimated 
5. Block Speed Source 
Mttr Data 
ANNUAL FIXED COSTS 
B727 VIP Super 27 
Corporate 
Crew Salaries - Captain (6) 
- Co Pilot 
120,000 
- Flt Attendant 
90.000 
- Flt Eng/Other 
- Benefits 
111,300 
Hangar - Typical 
179,600 
Insurance - Hull (7) 
160,000 
Single Limit Liability 
16,000 
$161,000 
EFTA01189534
--- PAGE 4 ---
Recurrent Training 
99.000 
Aircraft Modernization (8) 
75,000 
Navigation Chart Service 
15,001 
Refurbishing (9) 
179.550 
Computer Maintenance Program (10) 
13,500 
Weather Service (11) 
700 
Other Fixed Costs 
Frac Mgmt Fee/Yr + Tax 
Total Fixed Cost/Year 
$1,220,651 
REFERENCE 
Size of operation: 
6. Crew Salary Source 
Number of Crew 
7. Ins Hull Value/Frac Share Cost 
Hull Insurance Rate (%) 
8. Modernization 
9. Refurbish Labor Hrs/Seat 
10. Comp Mx Program Source 
11. Weather Service Source 
Date: 10/6/2013 
Currency: 
NBAA 
$8.000,000 
2.00 
Yr Avg 
105 
Typical 
Typical 
ANNUAL BUDGET 
B727 VIP Super 27 
Corporate 
Utilization - Nt. Miles 
175,000 
- Hours 
402 
Variable Cost 
5.474,070 
Fixed Cost 
1.220,651 
Total Cost (No Depreciation) 
$6,694,721 
- Per Hour 
16,654 
- Per Nt. Mile 
38.28 
- Per Seat Nt. Mile 
2.01 
Total Cost (No Depreciation) 
6.694,721 
Book Depreciation (12) 
800,000 
Total Cost (Book Dep.) 
575494,721 
- Per Hour 
18,644 
- Per Nt. Mile 
42.86 
- Per Seat Nt. Mile 
2.26 
EFTA01189535
--- PAGE 5 ---
Total Cost (No Depreciation) 
6.694,721 
Market Depreciation (13) 
320,000 
Total Cost (Market Dep) 
$7,014,721 
- Per Hour 
17,450 
- Per Nt. Mile 
40.11 
- Per Seat Nt. Mile 
2.11 
REFERENCE 
Size of operation: 
Date: 10/6/2013 
Currency: 
12. Book Depreciation Rate 
13. Market Depreciation Rate 
GENERAL COMPARISON 
B727 VIP Super 27 
Corporate 
Cabin Height (Ft) 
6.90 
- Width 
- Length 
Cabin Volume (Cu. Ft.) 
Cabin Door Height (Ft.) 
- Width 
Baggage - Int. (Cu.Ft.) 
- External 
11.50 
92.70 
2.80 
750.00 
6,425.00 
6.00 
10.00 
Typical Crew/Pass Seating 
/ 19 
Weight - Max Take-off (Lbs.) 
194.800 
- Maximum Landing 
158,000 
- Basic Operating 
115.000 
- Usable Fuel 
77,260 
Payload-Full Fuel (Lbs.) 
3,240 
- Maximum 
26,000 
Certified 
Yes 
IFR Certified 
Yes 
Price - New (Corporate)/1000 
SO 
- Pre Owned Rng/1000 
5000 8000 
- Years Produced 
1968 1984 
EFTA01189536
--- PAGE 6 ---
PERFORMANCE COMPARISON 
B727 VIP Super 27 
Corporate 
Range - NBAA IFR Res (N. Mi.) 
- 4 Passenger 
- Ferry Range 
Range 30 Min. Res (N. ML) 
- 4 Passenger 
- Ferry Range 
3,900 
4,050 
Balanced Field Length (Ft.) 
5,550 
Landing Distance - FAR 91 
2,250 
Landing Distance - FAR 121 
3,750 
Landing Distance - FAR 135 
2,813 
Rate of Climb (Ft/Min) 
2.380 
- One Engine Out 
Cruise Speed - Max (KTAS) 
485 
- Normal 
465 
-Long Range 
455 
Stall Speed (IAS) 
Ceiling Certified MTOW (Ft.) 
42,000 
- Service 
42,000 
- Service OEI 
31,000 
Ceiling Service HIGE (Helicopter Only) 
Ceiling Service HOGE (Helicopter Only) 
EFTA01189537
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01189538

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189539.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 
R, INC. 
February 6, 2013 
Aircraft Engine Management Services, Inc. 
Attn: Mike Maier 
Dear, Mike 
Atlantic Gas Turbine Center, Inc. is pleased to quote the repair of your JT8D-7B Engine serial 
Number 654373 
Details are as follows: 
Workscope, 
PRE-INDUCTION 
a) Inspect & inventory engine external parts. Provide customer with listing. 
b) Perform all repairs in accordance with P&W EM P/N 481672- latest revision 
c) Minimum build will be 2,000 Cycles / 4,000 hours 
ENGINEGENERAL 
a) Inspect all exposed bearings, seals and gears. 
b) All exposed bearing/ oil system compartments to be flushed and continue time 
inspected 
c) Any bearings that fails inspection will be routed for outside vendor for overhaul 
FAN 
a) Module to be inspected for continue time service 
b) Cl and C2 Fan Blades to be inspected and repaired, as required insitu. 
c) Check balance 
LPC 
a) Do not disassemble, visually inspect for continue time 
INTERMEDIATE CASE 
a) Do not disassemble, continue time inspect 
a) Remove high pressure compressor and de-stack the high pressure compressor disk 
3505 NW 153rd Street — Miami Gardens, Florida 33054 —'telephone: 305-978-0231— Fax: 305-938-5028 
UPC 
EFTA01189539
--- PAGE 2 ---
b) Dc-blade all disks. 
c) The C7, C8, C9, C10, C11, Cl2 and C13 disks will be stripped, repaired/overhauled 
and coated for completion of AD 2003-12-07 (P&W S/B 6431, 6426 & 6468) 
d) Check compliance with AD 2006-17-07 
e) All HPC blades to be installed in overhauled condition 
f) The stators will be inspected, repaired as required 
g) Compressor will be re-assembled, static and dynamic balanced. 
HOT SECTION / DIFFUSER / NOZZLE CASE MODULE 
a) Perform HSI, all Fuel Nozzles to be installed in serviceable condition 
b) TI Nozzle guide vanes to be installed in overhauled condition 
c) TI outer air seal to be installed in serviceable condition 
d) Combustion Chamber Support assembly will be visually inspected. 
e) Install serviceable Combustion Chambers per AD 86-09-02 
The 0CC will have an ultrasound inspection performed after build as per 
AD 96-23-14 
HPT 
a) Remove and inspect TI disk/ Shaft assembly. Check balance 
b) Inspect No.5 bearing housing, seal housing and all bearing/oil related parts. 
c) No.5 carbon seal will be flow checked 
d) Assemble module to be balanced to serviceable limits and re-installed 
LPT 
a) Disassemble and inspect and re-class 12 NGV's. 
b) Visually inspect 12, T3 & T4 disk/blade assembly 
c) Visually inspect all spacers, airseals and shrouds 
d) Visually inspect all remaining parts. 
e) Assemble and check balance LPT module. 
EXHAUST CASE 
a) Exhaust case will be removed. Check #6 brg hag. for concentricity 
b) Install serviceable thermocouples and EGT harness 
GEARBOX 
a) Gearbox to be visually inspected and pressure checked. 
ACCESSORIES- Functionally all accessories check during test run. 
BEARINGS- Visually inspect all exposed bearings. Install #3 bearing in overhauled condition. 
FINAL SERVICES 
a) Upon completion of repairs, the engine to be reassembled and sent for full 
performance Type III test cell run. 
b) Cross Bleed check to be performed for No.2 position B-727 aircraft. 
c) The oil & fuel system to be preserved for long term storage 
d) Records package including FAA form 337, FAA 8130-3, Airworthiness Directive, 
Disk sheet and complete test cell run to be furnished to customer upon completion of 
repairs. The final package (travelers, repair tags etc...) will be available within 7 
working days of engine delivery 
3505 NW 153rd Slicer - Miami Gardens, Florida 33054 - Telephone: 305-978-0231- Fax: 305.938.5028 
EFTA01189540
--- PAGE 3 ---
Budgetary 
Labor 
65,000.00 
Expendables 
12,500.00 
Consumables 
8,500,00 
Outside Vendors 
38,000.00 
Remove & Re-Install QEC 
10,000.00 
Parts 
90,000.00 
Test Cell 
13,000.00 
Total (Fixed rate not to exceed) 
$ 237.000.00 
Terms: 50% of repair estimate upon acceptance, balance after test. 
Shipping charges from Stambaugh Aviation, Inc. will be billed separately. 
Standard warranty for work performed by Atlantic Gas Turbine Center, Inc. is (12) Months, 
1,000 hours or 1,000 cycles whichever occurs first. 
Turn Time: 35-40 Days from initial signed acceptance and deposit received. 
Please feel free to contact me with any questions you may have with regards to this estimate, or 
any other matter that may arise. 
Cordially, 
Edward J. Annoual Jr. 
Cell: 
Accepted and approved by 
3505 NW 153rd Street - Miami Gardens, Florida 33054 - Telephone: 305-978-0231 - Fax: 305.938.5028 
EFTA01189541

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189542.pdf
----------------------------------------
WORLD FUEL SERVICES 
FUEL PRICE ESTIMATE 
TO: 
LAWRENCE VISOSKI, Daniella Dawson, Hensel, Ms. Jamai 
Total Pages : 3 
CUSTOMER NAME: 
CUSTOMER SITE: 
CUSTOMER NUMBER: 
CREDIT LINE: 
TERMS: 
INVOICING: 
JEGE. INC 
WFS 
116809 
SO 
Days from Invoice 
QUOTE NUMBER: 1490563 
QUOTE CONTRACT TYPE: 
Adhoc (Aviation) 
THANK YOU FOR HAVING 
WORLD FUEL SERVICES PARTICIPATE IN YOUR FUEL QUOTE. 
BELOW PLEASE FIND PRICING DETAILS THAT APPLY FOR THE ABOVE - MENTIONED QUOTE. 
1ATA/ DOW 
QTY 
UOM PRICE 
CURR 
BASE 
DIFF 
FUEL 
DELIVERY 
INTO 
OTHER 
TAXES 
TOTAL 
PER 
LOC INTL 
BASLS 
PRICE 
METHOD 
PLANE 
FEES 
PRICE 
FLIGHT 
FEES 
DXB INTL 
2.000 
USC 
USD 
3.30570 
0.00000 
0.00000 
0.00000 
3.30570 
0.00000 
LEG INTL 
2.000 
USC 
USD 
3.38232 
0.00000 
0.04346 
2.52695 
5.95273 
0.00000 
COMMENTS: 
DISCLAIMER: 
I. Fuel quotations arc valid as indicated above. subject to change due to market variation. and/or exchange rate fluctuations (where applicable). 
2. Taxes. lntoplanc Fees. and other Fees are subject to change without prior notice and may vary according to flight type and destination involved. 
3. For locations outside the United States. Mineral Oil. Excise, and Hydrocarbon taxes arc estimated for informational purposes only and their applicability may vary according 
to the country. In some cases, these taxes may not be applicable based upon the nature of the flight operation. However. should the local authority deem them to be applicable. 
we are obligated to pass through tax liabilities. These taxes may be assessed via supplementary invoices. In order to minimize tax liabilities, it is incumbent upon the aircraft 
operator to present all required documentation to the applicable authorities and to ensure their flight crews accurately complete all necessary paperwork at the time of fueling. 
4. For locations in Mexico. ASA Fueling Fee will apply to uplifts of less than 4(X) gallons. ASA additional price will apply to fuel requests with less than 72hrs notice and 
SENEAM navigation charge will be charged to all corporate/adhoc flights for foreign customers only. 
SINCERELY 
Daniella Dawson 
On behalf of: 
Hensel. Ms. Junta' 
WORLD FUEL SERVICES 
All quotes issued by World Fuel Services or its subsidiaries are subject to World Fuel Services' Terms and Conditions a copy of which is available for review at: 
http://www.wfscorp.com/wfscorp/docs/gtc-aviation.pdf 
FOR FUELING ARRANGEMENTS, PLEASE CALL YOUR LOCAL SALES & DISPATCH OFFICE 
EFTA01189542
--- PAGE 2 ---
FUEL PRICE ESTIMATE 
CUSTOMER: 
CUSTOMER SITE: 
QUOTE CONTRACT TYPE: 
Price Estimate 
JEGE, INC 
WFS 
Adhoc (Aviation) 
LOCATION 
AIRPORT 
INTO-PLANE AGENT 
DATE OF QUOTE 
QUOTE # 
DXB i OMDB 
DUBAI AE 
EPPCO AVIATION-A 
09-OCT-13 
1490563 
CITY 
STATE 
COUNTRY 
FLIGHT TYPE 
DUBAI 
AE 
CORPORATE/ INTERNATIONAL 
UOM/ CURR 
QUANTITY 
UPLIFT DATE 
USG/ USD 
2,000 
09-OCT-13 
COMMENTS: 
FUEL ITEM 
PRICE INDEX 
PRICE BASE 
DIFF 
FUEL 
TINTO-PLANE 
PRICE 
FEE 
PER UOM 
FEE 
TAXES 
TOTAL PRICE 
PER UOh1 
PER FLIGHT 
FEE 
JETA 
3.30570 
0.00000 
0.00000 
3.30571 
0.00000
PRICING CYCLE 
PM 
PRICING EFFECTIVE DATE 
01-OCT-13 
PRICING EXPIRATION DATE 
DELIVERY METHOD 
31-OCT-I3 
INTO-PLANE FEES DETAIL (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE) I
NOT APPLICABLE 
USD 
FEE DETAIL PER U0h1 (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE) 
PER FLIGHT FEES DETAIL (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE) I
NOT APPLICABLE 
USD 
0.00000 
NOT APPLICABLE 
USD 
TAX DETAIL (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE) 
0.00000 
USD 
0.00000 
NOT APPLICABLE 
0.00000 
DISCLAIMER: 
I. Fuel quotations arc valid as indicated above. subject to change due to market variation. and/or exchange rate fluctuations (where applicable). 
2. Taxes. Intoplanc Fees. and other Fees am subject to change without prior notice and may vary according to flight type and destination involved. 
3. For locations outside the United States. Mineral Oil. Excise, and Hydrocarbon taxes are estimated for informational purposes only and their applicability may vary according 
to the country. In some cases. these taxes may not be applicable based upon the nature of the flight operation. However. should the local authority deem them to be applicable. 
we are obligated to pass through tax liabilities. These taxes may be assessed via supplementary invoices. In order to minimize tax liabilities, it is incumbent upon the aircraft 
operator to present all required documentation to the applicable authorities and to ensure their flight crews accurately complete all necessary paperwork at the time of fueling. 
4. For locations in Mexico. ASA Fueling Fee will apply to uplifts of less than 4(X) gallons. ASA additional price will apply to fuel requests with less than 72hrs notice and 
SENEAM navigation charge will be charged to all corporate/adhoc flights for foreign customers only. 
All quotes issued by World Fuel Services or its subsidiaries are subject to World Fuel Services' Terms and Conditions a copy of which is available for review at: 
http://www.wfscorp.com/wfscorp/docs/gtc-aviation.pdf 
FOR FUELING ARRANGEMENTS, PLEASE CALL YOUR LOCAL SALES & DISPATCH OFFICE 
EFTA01189543
--- PAGE 3 ---
FUEL PRICE ESTIMATE 
CUSTOMER: 
CUSTOMER SITE: 
QUOTE CONTRACT TYPE: 
Price Estimate 
JEGE, INC 
WFS 
Adhoc (Aviation) 
LOCATION 
AIRPORT 
INTO-PLANE AGENT 
DATE OF QUOTE 
QUOTE # 
LBO / LFPB 
LE BOURGET FR 
EXXONMOBIL-A 
09-OCT-13 
1490563 
CITY 
STATE 
COUNTRY 
FLIGHT TYPE 
PARIS 
FR 
CORPORATE/ INTERNATIONAL 
UOM/ CURR 
QUANTITY 
UPLIFT DATE 
USG/ USD 
2,000 
09-OCT-13 
COMMENTS: 
FUEL ITEM 
PRICE INDEX 
PRICE BASE 
DIFF 
FUEL 
INTO-PLANE 
PRICE 
FEE 
PER UOM 
FEE 
TAXES 
TOTAL PRICE T PER FLIGHT 
PER UOM 
FEE 
JETA 
3.38232 
0.0001 
0.04346 
2.52695 
5.952731 
0.00000 
PRICING CYCLE 
PW 
PRICING EFFECTIVE DATE 
OS-OCT-I3 
PRICING EXPIRATION DATE 
DELIVERY METHOD 
14-OCT-13 
FEE DETAIL PER U0h1 (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE) 
I
INTO-PLANE FEES DETAIL (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE)
USD 
USD 
NOT APPLICABLE 
0.00000 
COMPULSORY STOCK FEE 
0.043461 
TAX DETAIL (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE) 
PER FLIGHT FEES DETAIL (INCL IN ABOVE PRICE) I
USD 
USD 
NOT APPLICABLE 
0.00000 
FRENCH MINERAL OIL TAX/EXCISE DUTY TAX JET 
1.5514 
FRENCH VAT - JETA 
0.9670 
I FRENCH VAT - 826 
0.0085 
DISCLAIMER: 
I. Fuel quotations arc valid as indicated above. subject to change due to market variation. and/or exchange rate fluctuations (where applicable). 
2. Taxes. Intoplane Fees. and other Fees are subject to change without prior notice and may vary according to flight type and destination involved. 
3. For locations outside the United States. Mineral Oil. Excise, and Hydrocarbon taxes are estimated for informational purposes only and their applicability may vary according 
to the country. In some cases, these taxes may not be applicable based upon the nature of the flight operation. However. should the local authority deem them to be applicable. 
we are obligated to pass through tax liabilities. These taxes may be assessed via supplementary invoices. In order to minimize tax liabilities, it is incumbent upon the aircraft 
operator to present all required documentation to the applicable authorities and to ensure their flight crews accurately complete all necessary paperwork at the time of fueling. 
4. For locations in Mexico. ASA Fueling Fee will apply to uplifts of less than 4(X) gallons. ASA additional price will apply to fuel requests with less than 72hrs notice and 
SENEAM navigation charge will be charged to all corporate/adhoc flights for foreign customers only. 
All quotes issued by World Fuel Services or its subsidiaries are subject to World Fuel Services' Terms and Conditions a copy of which is available for review at: 
http://www.wfscorp.com/wfscorp/docs/gtc-aviation.pdf 
FOR FUELING ARRANGEMENTS, PLEASE CALL YOUR LOCAL SALES & DISPATCH OFFICE 
EFTA01189544

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189545.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 23:22:38 +0000 
Attachments: 20131009 161018jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01189545

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189546.pdf
----------------------------------------
.1
EFTA01189546

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189547.pdf
----------------------------------------
NI 
EFTA01189547

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189548.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189548

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189549.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith •t:
> 
To: "jeffrey epstein" leevacation®gmail.cotn> 
Cc: "Vahe Ste aniar
c
e, 
"Paul Morris"
>, "Vinit 
Sahni" 
, "Na'
"Na Gupta" 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD [C] 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 15:05:36 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: graycol.gif; 05404691.gif; 05747179.gif; 05259881.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey- that's done. Sold the structure at $115k v $109k cost, will send detail of each leg. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Tazia Smith 
--- Original Message ----
From: Tazia Smith 
Sant: 03/05/2014 09:54 AM ES? 
Se: 'Jeffrey epstein' cjeevacation@gmail.com, 
Ce: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - As discussed, taking the trade. Speak with you at 1pm! 
Best, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
EFTA01189549
--- PAGE 2 ---
Fax: 
E-mail: 
Tazia Smith 
--- Original Message ----
From: 'feria Smith 
Sent: 03/05/2014 09:51 AM ES? 
To: 'Jeffrey epstein' <Jeevacationegmai1.com> 
Ce: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Unwind your CAD (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Consider unwinding your cad trade. See Nav's comments below, but essentially higher energy prices and outflows of short CAD are 
expected to provide support/remove downward pressure on the currency. 
You paid $109k for your reverse knock-in call spread. Indicative unwind level today is $136k (source: DB WM FX Tading, 3/5/14). 
Consider taking the $27k gain. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
Nav Gupta 
--- Original Message ----
From: Hay Gupta 
Sent: 03/05/2014 01:02 PM GMT 
To: Tazia Smith; 
Subject: usdcad update for JE (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
; Vinit Sahni 
I. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs US rates compared to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
EFTA01189550
--- PAGE 3 ---
i: 1.6465 
Low: 1.2460 
1.2000 
Last Price 
• 
CDSW2 Curncy 1.3460 
1.0000 
• 
USSW2 Curncy 0.4705 
0.8000 
Hi: 0.6697 
0.6000 
2924 
0.4705 
1./.40VV 
Low: 0.3730 
if:77 
oliCDSW2 Curncy - USSW2 Curncy 0.8755 
\'}Nr) 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
2013 
2014 
CDSW2 Curacy (CAD SWAP 
YR) Daily OSSEP2013-OS'4AR2014 
Copyright? 2014 Bloomberg 
- 
05-Mar-2014 12:56.tz 
1.05 
1.00 
0.95 
n an 
0.8755 
0.85 
0.80 
0.75 
SPREAD SUMMARY 
Last 
0.8755 
Mean 
0.932 
Off Avg 
-0.0565 
Median 
0.9566 
StDev 
0.0796 
StDev from mean 
-0.7098 
Percentile 
28.4615 
High 09/18/13 
1.0675 
Low 01/23/14 
0.754 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients have been exiting canadian risk (pimco al devlin in ft last 
week) but nevertheless given 1 and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on usdcad here and therefore dont like the trade anymore 
Nav 
Nay Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Filial° London 
Rai n., -nn Acerb! c 101/n,111. fl,nnernmanf 
My proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners ("Ken London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any legally 
binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail only. The 
KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand the strategy. 
characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the 
relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
Parsirio-pctu Peeferein 
EFTA01189551
--- PAGE 4 ---
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189552

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189553.pdf
----------------------------------------
~nNIV 
EFTA01189553

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189554.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 23:45:01 +0000 
Attachments: 20131009 161018jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01189554

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189555.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189555

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189556.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2013 23:46:14 +0000 
Attachments: 20131009 164748jpg 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
EFTA01189556

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189557.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189557

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189558.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Barry Josephson 
To: Jeff Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Past Loan Info 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 01:28:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: image[11].jpg 
Jeffery, 
You made me the loan of $120 on 5/13/11. 
$60,000 paid back to you 6/1/11. 
$30,000 on 7/25/11. 
$30,000 on 11/14/11. 
$2,917.88 interest on 11/20/11. 
I had paid $90,000 within the three month period. $30,000 was late. 
This time if possible I would like 6 months to pay the whole amount, and I would of course pay incrementally as early as 
possible. 
I will send projected post home sale budget tomorrow. 
Thank you. 
Best, 
Barry J 
Barry Josephson 
en
t
e r
t
a
i nmen
t 
EFTA01189558

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189559.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Tazia Smith
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD [C] 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 15:06:45 +0000 
Inline-Images: 05259881.gifi 05404691.gif; graycol.gif; 05747179.gif 
send me a chart of the trade , since inception, please. not urgent. 
On Wed, Mar 5, 2014 at 11:05 AM, Tazia Smith < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey- that's done. Sold the structure at $115k v $109k cost, will send detail of each leg. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
"Tazia Smith 
Original Message 
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 03/05/2014 09:54 AM EST 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - As discussed, taking the trade. Speak with you at 1pm! 
Best, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
EFTA01189559
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
'Tazia Smith 
Original Message ----
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 03/05/2014 09:51 AM EST 
To: "jeffrey epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Unwind your CAD [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Consider unwinding your cad trade. See Nav's comments below, but essentially higher 
outflows of short CAD are expected to provide support/remove downward pressure on 
You paid $109k for your reverse knock-in call spread. Indicative unwind level today is 
WM FX Tading, 3/5/14). Consider taking the $27k gain. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
'Nav Gupta 
Original Message ----
From: Nav Gupta 
Sent: 03/05/2014 01:02 PM GMT 
To: Tazia Smith; 
Subject: usdcad update for JE [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
Vinit Sahni 
energy prices and 
the currency. 
$136k (source: DB 
I. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
EFTA01189560
--- PAGE 3 ---
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs US rates compared to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
Hi: 1.6465 
Last Price 
El• CDSW2 Curncy 1.3460 
El• USSW2 Curncy 0.4705 
i: 0.6697 
Low: 0.3730 
Low: 1.2460 
........ 
1.2000 
1.0000 
0.8000 
0.6000 
0.4705 
U.401.111 
1.00/5 
CDSW2 Curncy - USSW2. Cumcy 0.8755 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
2013 
CDSW2 Cumcy (CAD SWAP 
Dec 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
2014 
YR) Daily OSSEP2013-05MAR2014 
Coppightil 2014 Bloomberg Finance LP. 
05-Mr-201412:56:14 
=READ
Last 
0.8755 
Mean 
0.932 
Off Avg 
-0.0565 
Median 
0.9566 
StDev 
0.0796 
StDev from mean 
-0.7098 
Percentile 
28.4615 
High 09/18/13 
1.0675 
Low 01/23/14 
0.754 
1.05 
1.00 
0.95 
0.8755 
0.85 
0.80 
0.75 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients have been exiting canadian risk 
(pimco ed devlin in ft last week) but nevertheless given I and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths 
ago when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on usdcad here and therefore 
dont like the trade anymore 
Nav 
Nay Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
Deutsche Asset 8 Wealth Management 
1051108 Old Broad St (Pinners Hall). EC2N 1EN London. United Kingdom 
Tel. +44120) 754-13613 
Mobile +44 7887 628487 
Email 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeAWM Key Client Partners ("KCP') London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any 
legally binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its affiliates ("DS"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this 
mail only. The KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. AR intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID), who understand 
the strategy, characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. AR trades on proposed ideas shall 
be subject to the relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
EFTA01189561
--- PAGE 4 ---
IleirONAt 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189562

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189563.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Stanford Online<noreply@class.stanford.edu> 
To: < 
Subject: Upcoming Courses from Stanford Online 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 08:52:40 +0000 
PP 
Hello! 
Stanford Online is offering free public courses taught by Stanford faculty. Registration is 
open now. Some courses start soon. Please visit a course's web page to learn how to 
participate. 
You can find out more about Stanford programs and the courses we offer at 
online.stanford.edu.
Democratic Development 
Larry Diamond 
Just started! 
This course is intended as a broad, introductory survey of the 
political, social, cultural, economic, institutional, and 
international factors that foster or obstruct the development 
and consolidation of democracy. This course is primarily 
intended for individuals in college or beyond, who have an 
academic background or some preparation in political science 
or the social sciences. However, it also meant to be accessible 
and useful to a diverse international audience, including 
educators at the secondary and college levels, government 
officials, development professionals, civil society leaders, 
journalists, bloggers, activists, and individuals involved in a 
wide range of activities and professions related to the 
development and deepening of democracy. It is hoped that 
students in developing or prospective democracies will use the 
theories, ideas, and lessons in the class to help build or 
improve democracy in their own countries. The course will run 
for eleven weeks. 
Find out more 
EFTA01189563
--- PAGE 2 ---
Practice Based Research in the Arts 
Leslie Hill, Helen Paris 
Starting October 9th 
This unique online course in practice-based research is 
designed to facilitate and advance the work of students 
pursuing an arts practice within an academic framework. Using 
the online space as an open forum to make this work 
accessible to peers, the course will help equip artist-scholars 
with tools, frameworks and peer networks that will help them 
articulate their practice within the academy and beyond. This 
course will run for ten weeks. 
Find out more 
The Finance of Retirement & Pensions 
Joshua Rauh 
Starting October 14th 
This course focuses on the financial concepts behind sound 
retirement plan investment and pension fund management. 
Course participants will become more informed decision 
makers about their own portfolios, and be equipped to 
evaluate economic policy discussions that surround public 
pensions. Participants will do calculations in Microsoft Excel as 
part of the coursework. This course will run for eight weeks. 
Find out more 
Machine Learning 
Andrew Ng 
Starting October 14th 
This course provides a broad introduction to machine learning, 
data mining, and statistical pattern recognition. Machine 
learning is the science of getting computers to act without 
being explicitly programmed. In the past decade, machine 
learning has enabled the development of self-driving cars, 
practical speech recognition, effective web search, and a 
vastly improved understanding of the human genome. Many 
researchers think it is the best way to make progress towards 
human-level Artificial Intelligence. The course will draw from 
EFTA01189564
--- PAGE 3 ---
numerous case studies and applications, so participants will 
learn how to apply learning algorithms to building smart robots 
(perception, control), text understanding (web search, anti-
spam), computer vision, medical informatics, audio, database 
mining, and more. The course will consist of lecture videos, 
quizzes, and programming assignments, and will run for 10 
weeks. 
Find out more 
Game Theory 
Kevin Leyton-Brown (University of British Columbia), Matthew 0. 
Jackson, and Yoav Shoham 
Starting October 14th 
Game theory is the mathematical modeling of strategic 
interaction among rational (and irrational) agents. Beyond what 
we call "games" in common language, such as chess, poker, 
and soccer, game theory considers incentives and includes the 
modeling of conflict among nations, political campaigns, 
competition among firms, and trading behavior in markets such 
as the NYSE. The course covers the basics: representing 
games and strategies, the extensive form (which computer 
scientists call game trees), repeated and stochastic games, 
coalitional games, and Bayesian games (modeling things like 
auctions). The course will consist of videos, slides, quizzes, 
online lab exercises, problem sets, screen-side chats, and a 
final exam. Participants must be comfortable with 
mathematical thinking and rigorous arguments. The course will 
last nine weeks. 
Find out more 
Constructive Classroom Conversations: Mastering the 
Language of the Common Core State Standards 
Kenji Hakuta, Jeff Zwiers, and Sara Rutherford-Quach 
Starting October 21st 
EFTA01189565
--- PAGE 4 ---
;:d 
This short course, ideal for educators, looks closely at student-
to-student discourse and addresses how to facilitate student 
engagement in the types of interactions required by the new 
Common Core State Standards for English ELA and 
Mathematics. The overall goal is for participating educators to 
better understand student-student classroom discourse and 
use what they learn to facilitate higher quality interactions that 
build disciplinary knowledge and skills. 
Find out more 
Automata 
Jeff Ullman 
Starting November 4th 
This course focuses on Automata Theory, the study of 
mathematical objects and the computational problems that can 
be solved using them, and it is based on material taught at 
Stanford in the Computer Science course CS154. The course 
covers four broad areas: finite automata and regular 
expressions; context-free grammars; Turing machines and 
decidability; and the theory of intractability, or NP-complete 
problems. Participants will have access to screencast lecture 
videos, are given quiz questions, assignments and exams, will 
receive regular feedback on progress, and can participate in a 
discussion forum. The course will run for six weeks and 
requires background in computer science and mathematics. 
Find out more 
Environmental Physiology: Your Body in The World 
Anne Friedlander with TA Corey Dysick 
Starting January 13th, 2014 
Learn how the human body is an amazing machine that is 
equipped to deal with the world's great stressors. This science 
of physiology course is geared toward the general public and 
examines the impact of extreme environments on the body, 
offering practical tips on how people can mitigate some of 
these effects. High-definition video takes participants along for 
the ride as Dr. Friedlander and decathlete Corey Dysick climb 
into the cockpit of a fighter jet, parachute from 15,000 feet, and 
test their own ability to adapt to these and other extreme 
EFTA01189566
--- PAGE 5 ---
environments. The course covers key concepts and includes 
compelling stories, expert interviews, and thought-provoking 
lectures. This course will run for six weeks. Buckle up! 
Find out more 
Learn more at: online.stanford.edu 
Twitter C0StanfordOnline 
This is an automated email from Stanford Online. You may opt-out of receiving future emails like this by 
clicking this link. 
EFTA01189567

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189568.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Vahe Stepanian <
IMa> 
To: "jeffrey epstein" leeyacation®gmail.cotn> 
Cc: :Nava-zait 
Sahni" 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD [C] 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 15:18:54 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(1); unnamed(2); unnamed(3) 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Jeffrey, 
Details of your CAD unwind are below. We will be following up with the chart you've requested. 
Thank you, 
Vahe 
BuySell 
Client Sells 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
-10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
11,000,000 
Strike 
1.1 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
135,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
BuySell 
Client Buys 
Currencyl 
USD 
CP 
Call 
Notionall 
10,000,000 
Currency2 
CAD 
Notional2 
-11,300,000 
Strike 
1.13 
ZoneCut 
NY: 10:00 hours (Local time in New York) 
ExpiryDate 
Thu 17 April 2014 
SettlementDate 
Mon 21 April 2014 
Barrier 
1.17 
FixingReference 
SPOT 
Premium 
20,000 
PremiumTerms 
USD 
EFTA01189568
--- PAGE 2 ---
PremiumDate 
Thu 06 March 2014 
Vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Wealth Investment Coverage 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Dnuly,r_hn Assnt A lAktalth Mananamanf 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
To: 
"affray epstein" <jeevacation©gmail.com>. 
Cc: 
MaheSt
anian'
>. 'Paul Morris" <
).. "Vinit Sahni" 
"Nav Gupta" 
Dale: 
03/0512014 10:05AM 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD (CI 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey- that's done. Sold the structure at $115k v $109k cost, will send detail of each leg. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
-- Original Message — 
From: 74z-4 :17—,b 
Sent: 03105120:4 09:54 AM EST 
To: 'Jeffrey epstein' <jeevecetionSgmell.com, 
Cc: Valle Step/mien; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Unwind your CAD [C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey -As discussed, taking the trade. Speak with you at 1pm! 
EFTA01189569
--- PAGE 3 ---
Best, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
-- Original Message — 
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 03/05/2014 09:51 AM EST 
To: 'Jeffrey epsteinw cjeevacation@gmail.com, 
Cc: vane Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Unwind your CAD (C) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Consider unwinding your cad trade. See Nav's comments below, but essentially higher energy prices and outflows of short 
CAD are expected to provide support/remove downward pressure on the currency. 
You paid $109k for your reverse knock-in call spread. Indicative unwind level today is $136k (source: DB WM FX Tading, 
3/5/14). Consider taking the $27k gain. 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Mana•ement 
-- Original Message — 
From: Na•: Gupta 
Sent: 03/05/2014 01:02 PM GMT 
To: Tazia Smith; 
Subject: usdcad update for 3E tl) 
Classification: For internal use only 
three points 
; Vinit Sahni 
1. commodity px are much higher - bullish cad 
EFTA01189570
--- PAGE 4 ---
2. CAD 2y swap rate higher (not lower as i had expected) vs US rates compared to 2mths ago - bullish cad 
Last Price 
o■ CDSW2 Curncy 1.3460 
USSW2 Curncy 0.4705 
1.05 -0 
1.00 -0 
0.95 -0 
n on -0 
0.8755 
0.85 -• 
0.80 -4 
0.75 -0 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
2013 
I 
2014 
CDSW2 Curncy (CAD SWAP 
YR) Daily OSSEP2013-0511AR2014 
Copyrigtall 2014 Bloomberg Finance 
SPREAD SUMMARY 
Last 
0.8755 
Mean 
0.932 
Off Avg 
-0.0565 
Median 
0.9566 
StDev 
0.07% 
StDev from mean 
-0.7098 
Percentile 
28.4615 
High 09/18/13 
1.0675 
Low 01/23/14 
0.754 
OS-Mar-2014 12:56:14 
canada still has v vulnerable housing sector and several high profile clients have been exiting canadian risk (pimco ed devlin 
in ft last week) but nevertheless given 1 and 2 above im less bearish cad vs usd than 2mths ago when JE entered the trade. 
so given 1 and 2 im surprised usdcad hasnt moved lower - i dont have a view on usdcad here and therefore dont like the trade 
anymore 
Nav 
Nav Gupta 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank AG. Filiale London 
. 
. 
Any proposed ideas are being delivered to you by the DeA'NM Key Client Partners ('KCP") London desk for discussion purposes only, and do not create any legally 
binding obligation on the part of Deutsche Bank AG and / or its affiliates ("DB"). These ideas are for the consideration of the intended recipients of this mail only. The 
KCP London desk does not provide investment advice. All intended recipients are Professional investors (as defined by MiFID). who understand the strategy. 
characteristics and risks associated with any ideas proposed herein and will be able to evaluate it independently. All trades on proposed ideas shall be subject to the 
relevant internal approvals prior to execution. 
Petnia-R.-to- Peep-mt. 
EFTA01189571
--- PAGE 5 ---
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189572

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189573.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein CC <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Bruce Galloway 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 13:14:03 +0000 
Attachments: 20130919Presentation.v4.0.pptx 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bruce Galloway 
Subject: Fw: 
Date: October 10, 2013 9:01:52 AM EDT 
To: ' 
" < 
Hey Leslie. Hope you're well. Here is the latest presentation. Please stick it under his nose. The more we wait , the more 
we lose out on those great returns. 
From: eugene kim [mailto 
Sent: Sunday, October 06, 2013 10:26 PM 
To: Bruce Galloway 
EFTA01189573

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189574.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Brice Gordon 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmad.com> 
Cc: Mark Tollison 
Subject: Poolpak Update 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 14:10:01 +0000 
Attachments: Trane_Poolpak.pdf; photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
Good morning 
Trane ,distributors for Poolpak in NM where on sight Tuesday, this included 
electrician, duct work fabricator , equipment installer, startup technician and project management. 
One issue that was a concern is the condition and operation of the auxiliary heating coil which is separate from 
the poolpak unit in the supply duct to pool area. 
Trane needs to know if this coil is operational before they can provide a complete bid, see attached photo of 
external portion of coil. 
I proposed to Trane they return this week to confirm condition of coil, flow rate, valve operation,review and if 
possible repair 3 other units that are non operational at this time. 
I. HP 7A, upstair living room Main house 
2. main unit staff cottage 
3. staff cottage studio 
The cost to do this work, is a not to exceed proposal of $1200.00 
I am requesting Trane perform this work over JB Henderson, with the thought they may. replace Henderson as 
our Mechanical service provider. ( its a test) 
Trane will also be providing a service agreement for all Mechanical equipment in MH, Bunkhouse,Lodge and 
Staff Cottage. 
Can we proceed with Trane. 
Brice Gordon 
EFTA01189574

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189575.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189575

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189576.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189576

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189577.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Kim Titeneva
To: JEFFREY EPSTEIN <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2013 14:38:44 +0000 
Attachments: 20130926 170612.jpg 
Well im your nyc neighbor :) 
My little monsters 
On Oct 10, 2013 10:33 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
?? i am in paris today, are you married? a citizen, ? I woudl love to see you when i return 
On Thu, Oct 10, 2013 at 4:32 PM, Kim Titeneva < 
wrote: 
Im UES gal :) 
Kira. 
On Oct 10, 2013 10:30 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wherea re you ? 
***** ****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01189577
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189578

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189579.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189579

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189580.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lvjet 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: 
Subject: Fwd: JEGE 9081E wire for Maintenance 
Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2014 16:23:42 -4)000 
Attachments: SA2158-N908JE-C Check Induction Invoice.xlsx; 
JEGE Statement of Account 2014.xlsx 
Jeffrey, 
attached is work scope for Boeing Mx visit. 
may I have your approval for Rich to Wire 50% payment induction payment? 
amount $207,296.00 (this includes the $30,000 labor to remove and replace #1 and #3 engines) 
quick break down: 
$98,000 C check 
$98,000 for squawks found 
$30,000 remove and replace Pod engines 
AD/SB due $56,755.00 
Parts $56,784.00 
is this approved? 
thank you, 
Larry 
Original Message 
From: JR Stambaugh < 
To: Scott Stambau 
Cc: 'Lvjet' 
Sent: Wed, Feb 26, 2014 12:11 pm 
Subject: Re: JEGE 908JE 
Larry, 
Here is the revised Induction Invoice and updated SOA. 
JR Stambaugh 
Accountable Manager 
Stambau h Aviation 
From: Scott Stambaugh 
Sent: Wednesda February 26, 2014 11:35 AM 
To: 
Cc: 13R Stambaugh' ; 'Lvjet' 
Subject: RE: JEGE 9081E 
; jetcare 
The engine changes are part of the quote, they are listed under the additional fixed costs for the 1 and 3 engines, the R 
and R, rigging, test runs, as well as all preparation and handling for shipping. 
I can remove the battery overhauls, we typically utilize a shop battery here to operate the aircraft (eliminate battery 
deterioration if a switch is left on etc... during maintenance) and then we inspect and deep cycle the ships battery so you 
go out with a fresh battery. 
Scott Stambaugh 
EFTA01189580
--- PAGE 2 ---
912-399-0030 
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Wednesda February 26, 2014 10:33 AM 
To: 
•  
Subject: Re: JEGE 9083E 
Hi Scott, 
You can delete the Main Battery overhauls. I didn't see the R&R and related tasks for engines 1 and 3? Is that included, or 
a separate proposal? 
The 100 mhr. cap is good. 
Larry 
----Original Message 
From: Larry Visoski < 
To: Larry Morrison < 
Sent: Tue, Feb 25, 2014 2:10 pm 
Subject: Fwd: JEGE 908JE 
Hi Lar 
Does this look accurate ? 
Thx 
Lar V 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "JR Stambaugh" 
Date: February 25, 2014 at 1:36:01 PM EST 
To: "Larry Visoski" 
Subject: Re: JEGE 908JE 
Reply-To: "JR Stambaugh" 
Larry, 
Please find attached the induction invoice for N90BJE along with your 2014 SOA. The invoice covers the 50% induction payment as well 
as the costs for the Boeing SB Top Kit. 
Thanks, and have a great day. 
JR Stambaugh 
Accountable Manager 
Stambaugh Aviation 
CRS#EB1R107K 
From: Larry Visoski 
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2014 1:19 PM 
To: Scott Stambau h 
Cc: mailto: 
; JR Stambaugh 
Subject: Re: JEGE 908JE 
Hello Scott, 
I'm planning on bringing the Boeing to Brunswick on Monday, March 3, to start the inspection can you provide an input depaut invoice 
for the input money that I need to pay you to get the ball rolling thank you Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 19, 2014, at 10:22 AM, "Scott Stambaugh" 
> wrote: 
EFTA01189581
--- PAGE 3 ---
Attached is the pricing for the c check and all ADs. I will put together the pricing for the additional items Glenn sent 
and forward that on. 
Below is the pricing for the SB kit for compliance with AD 2009-05-03 (SB 727-28A-0128 fuel boost pump GFI relays). 
These materials for the GFI kit are not in the C check number in the bid. We have completed about 13 of these 
modifications already and have the long lead time parts in stock. So we won't have any lead time issues. 
Part Number 
Description 
Cost per 
QTY 
Total 
65C38468-15 
TOP KIT 
$25,900.00 
$25,900.00 
KDAG-X4F-001 
GFI RELAYS 
$2,880.00 
$23,040.00 
61-12905-51 
SUPP.HARDWARE KIT 
$225.00 
$ 225.00 
BACC45FN24-43P6 
CONNECTOR 
$69.00 
$207.00 
BACC45FN24-43P9 
CONNECTOR 
$72.03 
$216.09 
BACC45FN24-43P10 
CONNECTOR 
$72.03 
$216.09 
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Monday, February 17, 2014 10:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: JEGE 9083E 
Scott, 
Please see Glen's additional items to get 908JE through to it's next "C" check after this one. 
Larry 
Original Message 
From: Glen Webb 
To: jetcare < 
Sent: Thu, Feb 13, 2014 1:03 pm 
Subject: RE: JEGE 908JE 
Hi Larry, 
I've attached a report listing those items that will not make it to the next check in Feb 2016. These are items that can be 
done during the 2A next year or done at Stambaugh as an AWR. Everything else is in the package I already put 
together. 
Glen 
From: 
rr
(sS
in 
Sent: Thursday, February 13, 2014 10:14 AM 
To: 
Subject: JEGE 908JE 
Hi Glen, 
Can you please build me an updated maintenance package for 908JE. Lees look at cleaning it up for24 months if we 
don't get into anything additional major. We are going to do the no.1 and 3 engines at this time as well. 
Mike Miejer will be contact you for engine information on the 183 . It is OK to forward whatever he requests. Looks like 
EFTA01189582
--- PAGE 4 ---
the Boss is willing to dump some money back into the Ole girl. 
Call me with any questions or to discuss the package. The aircraft will be going to Stambaugh within the next week. 
Larry 
<JEGE C check 2-19-14.xls> 
EFTA01189583

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189584.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 04 Nov 2013 23:37:01 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
EFTA01189584
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189585
--- PAGE 3 ---
II • 
EFTA01189586

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189587.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth < 
>, lvjet
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 04 Nov 2013 23:42:22 +0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
table pull simple 
----- 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Mon, Nov 4, 2013 at 6:37 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189587

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189588.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
2O13 
caRRaRa aRc ResiDencY 
oPeninG 
MARCH 18CH 2O14 
6:3OPM unciL 9PM 
aec scone 
234 BanKeR stReec 
BROOKLYI-1, new YORK 
RSVP to: LYnDSeY®OBCwORLDwiDeSCOne.0 
wine anD accoucRemencs co se 
ABC Stone, the Oriano Galloni Foundation and 
the New York Academy of Art are pleased to unveil 
"Last Howl" by Heather Perso 
and 
"Inoculation" by Zoe Suenson-Taylor 
the 2013 winners of the ABC Stone,
Oriano Galloni Foundation and New York Academy of Art's' 
"Sculpture Residency Merit Scholarship Award" 
ABC Stone sponsors the annual Artist in Residency in Carrara as part of its-1‘,I3
ongoing comitment to sustaining and promoting the use of stone in artistic' 
AA" 
practice. It is our belief that deepening the awareness of stone commensurately 
widens respect for this venerable medium and the millennia-old human tradition of 
transforming it through highly skilled craft. 
Other esteemed artists will be on view including: 
Stephen Shaheen 
Oriano Galloni 
NEW YORK 
ACADEMY 
OF ART 
OG FOUNDATION 
Jonathan Prince 
Barbara Segal 
Joseph Brickey 
Alasdair Thomson 
April Hanna 
and others 
ABC stone& 
EFTA01189588

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189589.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Withings <communitygemail.withings.com> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Get the big picture of your health 
Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2013 06:19:11 +0000 
L;_,'Withings 
Turn on your well-being 
u,t,The big picture of your health 
Get the big picture of 
your health 
Of course what you eat impacts your weight. But so does your level of 
activity and the quality of your sleep. Your general good health 
depends on a complex equation where weight, activity, sleep and 
blood pressure constantly interact. 
This is why Withings offers a 360° health tracking solution, embedded 
in a wide and open ecosystem. 
ombre 
EFTA01189589
--- PAGE 2 ---
LWeight 
Want to act on your 
weight? 
Stepping on a smart scale regularly 
and looking at your progress is a 
great way to master your body's 
weight (above all if it gives you body 
composition). But you can go 
further! » Learn More 
ombre 
;.,'Heart 
Want to have a strong 
heart? 
When it comes to self-tracking, 
blood pressure and the resting heart 
rate are very relevant body data to 
monitor. What are the options? 
» Learn More 
ombre 
Activity & Nutrition 
Want to live healthy? 
How many steps do you walk each 
day? Knowing this will help you 
realize how active you really are. But 
why not go all the way and look at 
your calorie counts? 
» Learn More 
ombre 
;;Sleep 
Want to sleep like a baby? 
Even though sleeping roughly 
represents one third of our life, we 
often rely on "impressions" to assess 
its quality. When you know it has an 
influence on your general health it 
seems natural to start analyzing it. 
» Learn More 
ombre 
EFTA01189590
--- PAGE 3 ---
factw Go pi 
You receive this monthly Newsletter because you have a Withings account. If don't want to receive Withings news 
anymore, please dick here. You can also manage your notification parameters directly in Health Mate web interface. 
EFTA01189591

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189592.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2013 13:26:26 +0000 
I n line-Im ages: beach-living-room-john-stefanidis-brands-ltd-windsor-florida-201108_1000-watermarkedjpg; 
images-2.jpg; images-3.jpg 
EFTA01189592
--- PAGE 2 ---
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in en-or, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189593

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189594.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189594

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189595.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189595

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189596.pdf
----------------------------------------
a
.
EFTA01189596

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189597.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01189597

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189598.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Tazia Smith <~le 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: 
, Paul Morris 
, Caroline Kitidis 
, Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: Brent Solutions [C] 
Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2013 18:52:53 +0000 
Inline-Images: unnamed; unnamed(I); unnamed(2); unnamed(3) 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey - 
Below please find solutions that can be combined to reflect your view that transporUsupply constraints will cause Brent to 
spike within the next 5-6months for a brief (-2 week) period; your objective is to monetize both the potential upside spike and 
downward reversion. 
We know you've traded risk-reversals and knock-in options in the past. The knock-in puts are compelling to reflect your 
reversion view. Examples below include three iterations of 6mo knock-in puts on the June 2014 contract (currently trades 
—1.9% below spot). Implied vol is near 10yr lows. 
Consider a risk reversal combined with a KI put. Consider overlaying these on an absolute return note given attractive curve 
and vol entry point. 
Please find indicative levels below. Will call you to discuss further. 
Best Regards, 
Tazia 
Knock-In Put Iterations: 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement. Source: DB Commodities Structuring, as of 
11/4/13. 
Brent Jun14 reference: $104.2 
Brent spot: $106.5 
(1) 6mo KI Put 
Put on Jun14 Brent, strike 115. Option knocks in only if Brent Jun14 closes above 115 on any day. 
Indicative Offer: 
-$1.96/bbl (-1.9%) 
Indicative cost on $5mm notional: 
$95,000 
Max Loss: 
Premium Paid 
(2) 6mo KI Digital Put 
Digital Put on Jun14 Brent, strike 115. Option knocks in only if Brent Jun14 closes above 120 on any 
day. 
Indicative Offer: 
11.9% 
Digital Payout: 
100% 
Indicative cost on $1mm notional: 
$119,000 
Max Payout on $1mm notional: 
$1,000,000 (-8.4x premium paid) 
Max Loss: 
Premium Paid 
(3) 6mo Max Strike Put 
EFTA01189598
--- PAGE 2 ---
If Brent Jun14 fixes above $115/bbl on any day during trade, then: max [ 0, Maximum Brent Jun14 fix 
during trade — Brent Jun14 at expiry — $10/bbl] 
Indicative Offer: 
—$1.51/bbl (-1.5%) 
Indicative cost on $5mm notional: 
$75,000 
Max Payout: 
Max Brent Jun14 fix during trade — Brent Jun14 at expiry —
$10/bbl 
Max Loss: 
Premium Paid 
Upside Exposure Solutions: 
Indicative levels only, subject to market movement. Source: DB Commodities Structuring, and DB 
AWM Structured Solutions, as of 11/4/13. 
Brent Jun14 reference: $104.2 
Brent spot: $106.5 
(1) Risk Reversal: 
Buy 6m $109.41 call (105% of Jun14 ref): $3.51/bbl 
Sell 6m $85 put: 
$0.95/bbl 
Net Debit: 
$2.56/bbl (-2.5%) 
Indicative cost on $5mm Notional: 
$125,000 
Max Loss: 
$87.56/bbl 
For your reference: 
6m $104.2 call (ATM): 
$5.90/bbl (-5.7%) 
6m $109.41 call (105% of Jun14 ref): 
$3.51/bbl (-3.4%) 
6m $85 put: 
$0.95/bbl (—0.9%) 
6m $90 put: 
$1.58/bbl (-1.5%) 
(2) ATM 6mo Swap 
A futures look-alike in the form of a Jun14 ATM swap, which has positive carry of —$2/bbl (differential 
between Jun14 and spot) 
(3) Absolute Return Note on Brent 
Structure Absolute Return Note on Brent Crude 
Underlier: 
Brent 
Barrier Observation: 
European 
Maturity: 
2yrs 
Upside Max: 
Uncapped 
Barrier Level: 
82.5% 
Max Loss: 
100% 
In fully-funded form, the absolute return structure prices well on crude. You can unwind this early to 
capture a move. This vehicle gives room to monetize moves in crude prices both on the upside and 
downside. This structure has a relatively high delta, should crude move higher and can help 
offset/compensate for your premium paid should crude move lower, but stay above the barrier. 
Implied Vol & Price Curves: 
The degree of backwardation has subsided but vols are still very low compared to their average over the last 10 years. 
Investors looking to express a bullish view on Brent crude oil can take advantage of premiums which are close to 10-year 
lows. 
IPE Brent *Imo Implied vol - Mid Implied Vol 
EFTA01189599
--- PAGE 3 ---
1.1 
1.0 
0.9 
0.8 
0.7 
V 
0.6 
0.5 
0.4 
0.3 
0.2 
2003 2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 2011 2012 
2013 
2014 
Date 
115.0 
112.5 
110.0 
= 107.5 
.0 a105.0 
,..3; 102.5 
a. 
100.0 
97.5 
95.0 
92.5
I--IPE Brent 1M implied vol - Mid implied volatility 
IPE Brent forward curves 
Date 
-8-ClosePrice (04-Nov-2013) -e-Close_price (04-Oct-2013) -A-Close_Price (05-Sep-2013) 
Source: DB AnalyzerLite, 11/5/13 
EFTA01189600
--- PAGE 4 ---
Tazia Smith 
Director i Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Dratchn Assaf K INstallh Mananemian_ 
PPanoloV ilMfOnn 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01189601

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189602.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eric Roth 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' cjeevacationgginail.com>, 'Ivjet' 
Subject: G650 Air Gasper 
Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2013 20:12:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: irnage007.jpg; irnage008.jpg; image009.jpg; iinage010.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
After many hours of hunting down leads, the air gasper for the Gulfstream G650 is manufactured by Birk Aerosystems in 
Garden Grove, California. 
I spoke to Connie Birk (partners in the business with her husband) and she informed me that the gasper they produce for 
the G650 is proprietary to Gulfstream only. Further, it would not work in any other Gulfstream but the 650 as the air duct 
system in the 650 is a unique design and has certain flow features built right into the duct. 
We spoke a bit and she said that what we need is "poppet style' gasper to handle the flow (same as the one I showed in a 
prior e-mail). 
Poppet Style Air Gasper - EMG04 
Poppet type air gasper designed to complement EMTEQ's reading and dome lights. 
• 
2" diameter 
• 
Poppet Type, Wemac Style 
• 
Easy installation and operation 
• 
No air leakage or noise 
• 
Custom plating available 
• 
Various plenum cap and hose port sizes available 
I am trying to get samples here for Thursday to assess. 
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
I
T
E
R
I
O
R
S 
P 631.737.59W I C 516.857.6533 I 
EFTA01189602
--- PAGE 2 ---
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maittoleevacation@gmalLoom] 
Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2013 6:05 AM 
To: lvjet; Eric Roth 
Subject: 
do we have the gasper info re the 650 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189603

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189604.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: G650 Air Gasper 
Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2013 20:26:20 +0000 
Inline-Images: image007.jpg; image008.jpg; image010.jpg; image009.jpg 
Ok , thanks trip . Entertainment Mickey Mouse . Blue tooth failed , speakers distorted , buzz , screen - Larry has 
video for you 
On Tuesday, November 5, 2013, Eric Roth wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
After many hours of hunting down leads, the air gasper for the Gulfstream G650 is manufactured by Birk Aerosystems in 
Garden Grove, California. 
I spoke to Connie Birk (partners in the business with her husband) and she informed me that the gasper they produce for 
the G650 is proprietary to Gulfstream only. Further, it would not work in any other Gulfstream but the 650 as the air duct 
system in the 650 is a unique design and has certain flow features built right into the duct. 
We spoke a bit and she said that what we need is "poppet style" gasper to handle the flow (same as the one I showed in 
a prior e-mail). 
Poppet Style Air Gasper - EMG04 
Poppet type air gasper designed to complement EMTEQ's reading and dome lights. 
• 
2" diameter 
• 
Poppet Type, Wemac Style 
• 
Easy Installation and operation 
EFTA01189604
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
No air leakage or noise 
• 
Custom plating available 
• 
Various plenum cap and hose port sizes available 
I am trying to get samples here for Thursday to assess.
ERIC H. ROTH I PRESIDENT 
international jet 
T 
E
R 
i
O
R
S 
P 631.737.5900 I C 516.857.6533 I 
t3 la 
2221 Smithtown Avenue, Long Island MacArthur Airport, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2013 6:05 AM 
To: Met; Eric Roth 
Subject: 
do we have the gasper info re the 650 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA01189605
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA01189606

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189607.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein .<:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Barbro 
Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2013 23:34:50 +0000 
Attachments: 130924_proposal_Alzh_center_KI-1.docz 
Barbro called asking if you have interest in meeting this professor. Please advise. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: November 3, 2013, 3:35:06 PM EST 
To: 
Subject: ALZHEIMER CENTER AT KI 
DEAR 
ATTACHED PLEASE FIND INFORMATIVE WRITE-UP ON THE PROPOSED 
ALZHEIMER CENTER AT KAROLINSKA INSTITUTET 
AS REFLECTED BY PROFESSOR BENGT WINBLAD, ONE OF THE FOREMOST 
EXPERTS IN THIS FIELD IN THE WORLD. HE IS 
COMING TO NYC THIS WEEK TO KEYNOTE AT NEW YORK ACADEMY OF SCIENCE 
ON WEDNESDAY MORNING AND I WONDER 
IF JEFFREY, WHO HAS FINANCED SO MUCH FOR BRAIN RESEARCH A HARVARD 
AND WHO HOLDS KI IN HIGH ESTEM, MIGHT BE 
INTERESTED TO MEET WITH HIM AND ME? LET ME KNOW!!ALL THE BEST, BE 
Barbro C. Ehnbom 
Chairman, Swedish-American Life Science Summit 
EFTA01189607

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189608.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski al=l> 
To: Je vacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Mongolia 
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2013 11:56:04 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.png 
Jeffrey 
Quick routing from SFO - Mongolia Ulan Bator with fuel stop in Russia the Article Circle, I will confirm this 
route with Universal in Houston TX. 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPad 
«. AM • 
< 
rt-
6:62 AM 
C 
Map Style: Co Plain 
Distances 
Great Circle Mapper 
r — 
Light ei) Due Marble 
From 
segment path: 
ZMUB (47°50S5"61106141300T) 
UHMA (64°44'06"N I 77'44'2PS) 
Total: 
i:i Code Dictionary 
Code 
Source 
ZMUB 
DAFIF 
UHMA 
DAFIF 
KSFO 
FAA 
*77%M. 
mr+
. Copyrfght 2013 
Initial 
To 
Heading 
Distance 
5057 nm 
uHk1A (6O44'06-1N 177°4429'E) 
38.7° (NE) 
2421 nm 
KSFO (37°37`09'N 122'2231*W) 
98.1° (E) 
2636 nm 
5057 nm 
Location 
Ulan Bator fChinggis Khaan (Genghis Khan, Buyant Ukha)(, MN 
Anadyr fUgolnyl, Magadan, RU 
San Francisco (Inn CA, US 
- 
EFTA01189608

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189609.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2013 16:53:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189609

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189610.pdf
----------------------------------------
AIRCRAFT PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
THIS AIRCRAFT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of this 
day of November 2013, by and between Hyperion Air, Inc. (herein referred to as "Seller"), and Starbridge 
Landing Inc, 98 Lockerman Street, Dover Delaware 19901 (herein referred to as "Purchaser"), with respect to 
the following Aircraft and Engines (collectively, the "Aircraft") as represented per Exhibit A attached hereto. 
MANUFACTURER 
MODEL 
SERIAL NUMBER 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
ENGINES MAKE AND MODEL 
ENGINE SERIAL NUMBERS 
Gulfstream 
GLIB 
151 
N909JE 
Rolls Royce Spey MK511-8 
8813 and 8520 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto, 
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
I. Seller hereby agrees to sell, assign, transfer and deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser hereby agrees to 
purchase from the Seller, upon, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions hereinafter 
set forth, the above referenced Aircraft in an "AS-IS, WHERE-IS and WITH ALL FAULTS" condition. 
The Aircraft shall be on the Gulfstream CMP program and shall be delivered with all logbooks, flight 
manuals, wiring diagrams in Seller's possession and with any spare parts or accessories in Seller's 
possession which have been specifically identified in writing by Seller as being associated with the 
Aircraft. 
2. The Sales Price of the Aircraft shall be Three Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand United States Dollars 
(U.S. $325,000.00) (the "Sales Price"), which shall paid as follows: 
(a) 
The Purchaser has wire transferred a deposit of One Hundred Thousand United States Dollars 
(US$100,000.00) (the "Deposit") into an escrow account with Aerotitle — Aircraft Title and Escrow 
Company, 3426 S. Lakeside Drive, Oklahoma City, OK 73179 who shall serve as escrow agent under 
this Agreement (the "Escrow Agent "). The Deposit shall be held in the trust account and disbursed at 
the Closing (as hereinafter defined and described) pursuant to the conditions and requirements set forth 
in this Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall also act as Escrow Agent for the filing of all pertinent 
documentation, and Purchaser and Seller shall split any and all escrow fees associated with this 
transaction 50/50. 
(b) 
The balance of the Sales Price in the amount of Two Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand United 
States Dollars (US$225,000.00) (the "Sales Price Balance") shall be paid at the Closing. 
Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Purchaser shall wire transfer said Sales Price 
Balance into the Escrow Account of the Escrow Agent for disbursement to Seller at the Closing in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
3. The Purchaser has heretofore performed all inspections and reviews of the Aircraft and its systems as 
Purchaser deems necessary and a review of its records and log books (the "Records") at ExcelAire at 
Long Island MacArthur Airport (KISP) in Islip, New York. Purchaser agrees that no further inspections 
or reviews of the Aircraft are deemed necessary by Purchaser, who accepts the Aircraft and the Records 
in the current condition thereof, "as-is, where-is and with all faults." and as provided in the Aircraft 
Acceptance attached as Exhibit B hereto (incorporated by this reference as if fully set forth herein), 
which has been signed by Purchaser and delivered to Seller simultaneously with the execution and 
delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement. As a result of Puchaser's acceptance of the Aircraft and the 
Records, Purchaser agrees that the Deposit has become and is non-refundable and the Closing shall 
occur within three (3) business days after the date of this Agreement (the "Closing Deadline"). 
EFTA01189610
--- PAGE 2 ---
4. Closing and Delivery. 
(a) 
The closing of this transaction ("the Closing") and delivery of the Aircraft to Purchaser shall take 
place at such location in the State of Delaware as the parties shall agree upon in writing ("the Closing 
Place") by not later than the Closing Deadline, unless the parties subsequently agree upon a later date in 
writing. The date of such Closing shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Closing Date". Seller and 
Purchaser hereby acknowledge that the passing of title, possession and delivery of the Aircraft shall take 
place within the state in which the Closing Place is located. The fuel costs and the expenses of Seller's 
flight crew in flying the Aircraft from KISP to the Closing Place shall be the sole responsibility of and 
paid for by Purchaser. 
(b) 
Prior to the Closing, the following deliveries shall be made to the Escrow Agent by the 
responsible party indicated: 
(i) 
On or before the date of the Closing Deadline, Seller shall deliver to Escrow 
Agent an FAA Form Bill of Sale AC 8050-2 in proper form for recordation at the FAA Civil 
Aircraft Registry to transfer title to the Aircraft to Purchaser duly executed by an officer of 
Seller, with his or her title shown, but undated ("FAA Bill of Sale"); and 
(ii) 
Purchaser shall deliver the following to Escrow Agent: 
(A) 
Simultaneously with Purchaser's execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, Purchaser shall wire transfer the Sales Price Balance into the escrow account 
of the Escrow Agent; and 
(B) 
On or before the date of the Closing Deadline, Purchaser shall deliver to 
the Escrow Agent an Application for Aircraft Registration (AC Form 8050-1) covering 
the airframe of the Aircraft duly executed by Purchaser but undated (the "Application for 
Registration"). 
The documents described in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of this Section 4(b) are hereinafter referred to 
collectively as the "Escrow Documents". 
(c) 
Prior to the Closing Deadline, each of Seller, Purchaser and the Escrow Agent shall notify each 
of the others in writing (either by correspondence, fax or e-mail) of the name or names and telephone 
number of each representative of the respective parties which is to participate in the conference call to 
be conducted in connection with the Closing thereinafter the "Closing Conference Call"). The Closing 
Conference Call shall be originated by Purchaser on the Closing Date on or about 10:00 a.m., U.S. 
Central Daylight Time, so as to complete the Closing, including the filing of the Escrow Documents 
with the FAA Registry in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, prior to the closing of that office on the Closing 
Date. 
(d) 
At the Closing, after the representatives of each of Seller, Purchaser and the Escrow Agent have 
each announced their attendance on the Closing Conference Call, the following shall occur: 
(i) 
If the records of the FAA then reflect that Seller is the record owner of the 
Aircraft and that the Aircraft is free and clear of all recorded liens, claims, then the Escrow 
Agent shall so advise the participants on the Closing Conference Call and then, but only then, the 
Escrow Agent shall immediately wire the Sales Price as directed by Seller in accordance with 
wire transfer instructions which shall be provided to the Escrow Agent by Seller prior to the 
EFTA01189611
--- PAGE 3 ---
Closing Deadline, and Escrow Agent shall simultaneously file with the FAA Registry for 
recordation the FAA Bill of Sale and any other necessary Escrow Documents and, upon doing 
so, shall then notify each of the participants on the Closing Conference Call of the time of filing 
of each such Escrow Document. Immediately following the above, the following shall occur at 
the Closing Place: 
(A) 
Seller's representative shall deliver possession of the Aircraft to Purchaser 
at the Closing Place; and 
(B) 
Purchaser shall execute and deliver to Seller a Delivery Receipt in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit C. 
5. As between Seller and Purchaser, Purchaser shall be responsible for and shall pay, or reimburse Seller 
for, any and all sales, excise, gross receipts, use, personal property, transfer or similar taxes, assessments 
or duties, including interest or penalties imposed thereon and any costs incurred in defense of the 
nonpayment thereof, including reasonable attorney's fees and expenses, arising out of, or incurred in 
connection with, the sale and delivery of the Aircraft to Purchaser or the use, ownership, possession, 
maintenance or operation of the Aircraft upon and after the Closing, but specifically excluding any 
income, capital gains or other similar taxes based on the income of Seller or personal property or other 
similar taxes assessed or based upon Seller's ownership or use of the Aircraft prior to the Closing. The 
provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the Closing. 
6. After Seller's full and complete compliance with the terms and conditions contained herein, should 
Purchaser fail to close for any reason that is not the fault of Seller (other than a force majeure), then, 
Seller may retain the Deposit, the Escrow Agent shall immediately disburse the deposit to Seller which 
shall be Seller's sole remedy. After Purchaser's full and complete compliance with the terms and 
conditions contained herein, should Seller fail to provide the Aircraft pursuant to the terms and 
conditions herein and close for any reason that is not the fault of Purchaser (other than a force majeure), 
the EscrowAgent shall immediately refund the deposit to Purchaser which shall be Purchaser's sole 
remedy. Anything to the contrary provided herein notwithstanding, no party hereto shall be entitled to 
recover any incidental or consequential damages (which are hereby expressly waived by the parties 
hereto) as a result of the breach of this Agreement by either party hereto. If either party hereto 
commences a legal proceeding to enforce any of the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party in 
such action shall also have the right to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and costs from the other party 
to be fixed by the court in the same action. 
7. No party to this Agreement shall disclose the price or terms of this Agreement to any third party except 
to such party's attorneys, accountants, employees, agents and advisors, or except as required to complete 
the purchase and sale hereunder, or as may be otherwise required by law. 
8. In the event that the Aircraft is destroyed or damaged prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be 
terminated in its entirety by either party without liability to the other party, except that the Deposit shall 
be promptly refunded to Purchaser. 
9. Risk of loss, damage, or destruction of the Aircraft shall pass from Seller to Purchaser upon transfer of 
title to the Aircraft by Seller to Purchaser at Closing and the execution by Purchaser and delivery to 
Seller of the Delivery Receipt attached as Exhibit C hereto. 
10. Seller warrants that Seller will transfer to Purchaser at the Closing title to the Aircraft, along with its 
engines and equipment, free and clear of all liens, claims, and encumbrances whatsoever. 
11. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTY OF TITLE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 HEREOF, 
EACH OF THE AIRCRAFT, EACH PART THEREOF AND EACH OF THE RECORDS IS BEING 
SOLD TO PURCHASER HEREUNDER IN ITS "AS IS, WHERE IS" CONDITION AND "WITH ALL 
FAULTS" EFFECTIVE AT THE CLOSING. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTY OF TITLE EXPRESSLY 
SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 HEREOF, NEITHER SELLER NOR ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES 
OR EMPLOYEES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND OR NATURE 
EFTA01189612
--- PAGE 4 ---
WHATSOEVER TO PURCHASER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING 
DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, THERE IS (I) NO WARRANTY BY 
SELLER, ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES AS TO THE AIRWORTHINESS OR 
PHYSICAL CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT, (II) NO IMPLIED WARRANTY BY SELLER, ITS 
AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE AIRCRAFT, (III) NO IMPLIED WARRANTY BY SELLER, ITS 
AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, 
COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND (IV) NO WARRANTY BY SELLER, ITS 
AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES AGAINST PATENT INFRINGEMENT OR THE 
LIKE. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HERETO BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. 
12. Seller shall not be liable for any failure to perform under this agreement due to force majeure which 
shall include accidents, acts of God, fire, explosion, riot, looting, civil commotion, failure of machinery 
or plant, shortages of materials, restrictions by government or any competent authority or any other 
similar circumstances of whatsoever kind and howsoever caused beyond control of Seller. If, due to 
force majeure, Seller is unable to deliver the Aircraft as provided herein, the Escrow Agent shall return 
the deposit, in which event this agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect. 
13. Seller and Purchaser each agrees to indemnify and forever hold the other harmless from and against any 
claims for brokers' compensations, fees, or commissions arising out of the indemnifying party's 
agreement with any such broker for the payment of the same with respect to the transaction 
contemplated by this Agreement. In accordance with a separate agreement between Seller and Equus 
Global Aviation, Seller has agreed to pay a commission to Equus Global Aviation, which shall serve as 
the broker for Seller in connection with the purchase and sale of the Aircraft pursuant to this Agreement. 
14. This agreement sets forth the entire contract between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof 
and supersedes all previous communications, representations, or agreements, whether oral or written, 
between the parties with respect to such subject matter. No representation, promise, inducement or 
statement of intention has been made by either party which is not embodied in this Agreement, and 
neither party shall be bound by, or be liable for, any alleged representation, promise, inducement, or 
statement of intention not embodied herein. 
15. This agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties. 
16. Seller and Purchaser each warrant to the other that the execution, delivery, and performance of this 
agreement has been authorized and approved by all required corporate action, and the parties executing 
this document warrant their authority to so bind the respective parties. 
17. This agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall be 
effective when each party has executed at least one counterpart. 
18. Each party hereto agrees to execute and deliver such additional documents and take such further actions 
as may be reasonably requested by the other party to fully effectuate and carry out the purposes of this 
Agreement. 
19. Any signatures on this Agreement may be transmitted via facsimile or e-mail (including without 
limitation in .pdf format), which signatures shall be deemed originals for all purposes if transmitted in 
accordance with Section 20 hereof. 
20. All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, except as 
may otherwise be provided herein, shall be deemed to be given when delivered personally, or mailed by 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or sent by facsimile or e-mail 
addressed to the other party for whom it is intended at the address set forth below, or to such other 
address as may hereafter be designated in writing by a party to the other party: 
EFTA01189613
--- PAGE 5 ---
If to Seller: 
Hyperion Air, Inc. 
103 Foulk Road, Suite 202 
Wilmington, DE 19803 
Attention: Darren K. Indyke 
with a copy to: 
Darren K. Indyke, Esq. 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
If to Purchaser: 
Oscar Frig 
11310 NW 61m St 
Doral, Fl 33178 
21. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, 
excluding its conflicts of laws rules, and, to the extent applicable, the laws of the United States of 
America. 
22. Except as otherwise provided herein, neither party hereto may assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by its duly authorized 
representative, the day and year first above written. 
Seller: 
Purchaser: 
Hyperion Air, Inc. 
Starbridge
Inc 
By: 
By: 
Print: 
Print: 
Title: 
Title: 
Date: November 
, 2013 
Date: November 
, 2013 
Landing
EFTA01189614
--- PAGE 6 ---
EXHIBIT A 
GULFSTREAM GIIB 
Serial Number 151 
Registration No. N909JE 
11,048.1 Hours 
#1 engine 10,917.1 cycles 5,641 
#2 Engine 8,494.6 cycles 5,163 
GIII Wing with Winglets 
Upgraded EFIS cockpit 
Collins 5 tube EFIS 
8.33mhz spacing 
SPZ50 autopilot 
Iridium Satellite Telephone 
24"LED monitor with BOSE home Theater 
EGPWS Honeywell 
Brushless generators 
LED cabin lighting 
Checklist on Radar with Nav track 
5,755 Landings 
RVSM/ RP-10 approved 
Dual Universal FMS/dual GPS 
rear berthable divan 
Flight phone IV 
Bose cockpit headphones 
TCAS II Honeywell 
300 amp Transformer Rectifier 
Dual HF with SELCAL 
Gulfstream CMP 
THE ABOVE DESCRIPTIONS ARE PROVIDED AS INTRODUCTORY 
INFORMATION AND DO NOT CONSTITUTE REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WARRANTIES OF HYPERION AIR, INC OR ITS BROKER EQUUS GLOBAL 
AVIATION, LLC. ACCORDINGLY, YOU SHOULD RELY ON YOUR OWN 
INSPECTION OF THE AIRCRAFT. 
EFTA01189615
--- PAGE 7 ---
AIRCRAFT ACCEPTANCE 
EXHIBIT B 
Acknowledgment is made that the following Aircraft: 
MANUFACTURER 
MODEL 
SERIAL NUMBER. 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
ENGINES MAKE AND MODEL 
ENGINE SERIAL NUMBERS 
Gulfstream 
GLIB 
151 
N909JE 
Rolls Royce Spey MK511-8 
8813 and 8520 
 is hereby ACCEPTED unconditionally by  
 this 
day of 
November 2013, pursuant to, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the AIRCRAFT 
PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated November 
, 2013, by and between Hyperion Air, Inc. and 
PURCHASER: 
Starbridge Landing Inc 
By: 
Print: 
Title: 
EFTA01189616
--- PAGE 8 ---
AIRCRAFT DELIVERY RECEIPT 
EXHIBIT C 
Acknowledgment is made that the following Aircraft: 
MANUFACTURER 
Gulfstream 
MODEL 
GIIB 
SERIAL NUMBER 
151 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N909JE 
ENGINES MAKE AND MODEL 
Rolls Royce Spey MK511-8 
ENGINE SERIAL NUMBERS 
8813 and 8520 
is hereby accepted by 
day of November, 2013. 
("Purchaser") at: 
 (location) this 
Purchaser irrevocably acknowledges and agrees that the Aircraft has been delivered to Purchaser in an "AS-IS, 
WHERE-IS" condition and "WITH ALL FAULTS". Purchaser further irrevocably acknowledges and agrees 
that Hyperion Air, Inc. ("Seller") has complied with each and every obligation of Seller as provided in that 
certain Aircraft Purchase Agreement by and between Purchaser and Seller, dated as of the 
day of 
November, 2013 (the "Agreement"). 
PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE AIRCRAFT IS A USED AIRCRAFT WHICH IS BEING 
SOLD AND DELIVERED TO PURCHASER IN "AS-IS, WHERE-IS, AND WITH ALL FAULTS" 
CONDITION, AND THAT ANY AND ALL DELIVERY CONDITIONS SPECIFIED IN THE AGREEMENT 
SHALL EXPIRE AND BE OF NO FURTHER FORCE OR EFFECT AS OF THE DATE AND TIME OF 
PURCHASER'S EXECUTION HEREOF. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT 
SELLER DOES NOT MAKE, GIVE OR EXTEND, AND PURCHASER HEREBY DISCLAIMS AND 
RENOUNCES, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE 
WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHETHER ARISING IN LAW, IN EQUITY, IN CONTRACT 
OR 
IN 
TORT 
INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, 
ANY 
IMPLIED 
WARRANTY 
OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, AIRWORTHINESS, DESIGN, CONDITION OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
USE, PURCHASER HEREBY CONFIRMING THAT IT IS NOT RELYING UPON ANY OTHER 
REPRESENTATION, STATEMENT OR OTHER ASSERTION WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT. IN 
NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE HELD LIABLE TO PURCHASER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER. 
PURCHASER: 
Starbridge Landing Inc. 
By: 
Print: 
Title: 
EFTA01189617

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189618.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Ticket on HOLD for 
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2013 18:24:38 +0000 
Attachments: Airmail.pdf 
Ticket below on HOLD for M...S320.00 non refundable...OK to purchase? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" < 
Subject: 
Date: November 6, 2013 12:21:15 PM EST 
To: 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that cannot accept 
incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact the Travel Services Office number located on 
the attached PDF 
IMPORTANT SCHEDULE CHANGE NOTICE! REFER TO ITINERARY! 
You are receiving this email notification to advise: 
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in this email, in the attached PDF and have been posted to a 
secure website. 
Please click on this link to view your trip details: https://www.aeairweb.com/Mytravelarrangementslindex.jsp
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://www.aeairweb.corn/Mytravelarrangements/AirlineBaggagePoliciesjsp
THIS ITINERARY IS A RESERVATION ONLY. 
This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on November 07, 
or this entire reservation will automatically cancel. 
Record Locator: 
Traveler: 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: AMERICAN AIRLINES 1357 
Class: Economy 
Seats: 28C 
Departs: New York JFK, NY - JFK 
Date: Nov 11,2013 
Time: 8:20 AM 
Arrives: San Juan, PUERTO RICO - SJU 
EFTA01189618
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Nov 11,2013 
Time: 1:30 PM 
Flight Information: 
Reserved: SEABORNE AIRLINES 3572 
Class: Economy 
Seats: Unassigned 
Departs: San Juan, PUERTO RICO - SJU 
Date: Nov 11,2013 
Time: 3:00 PM 
Arrives: St Thomas, VIRGIN ISLANDS - STT 
Date: Nov 11,2013 
Time: 3:40 PM 
Airline Confirmation Numbers: 
SEABORNE AIRLINES 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing offers 
from American Express. For details about our email practices, please review the American Express Privacy 
Statement at http://www.americanexpress.com/privacy. 
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to website below 
to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.corn/products/acrobat/readstep.html 
Thank you for choosing American Express Travel and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily resort or 
facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the property. 
You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, 
affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and 
agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property resulting, 
directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but not limited to delays, 
overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes 
in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of 
governmental authorities, civil unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public 
intemet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your 
individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific 
itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be 
aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, 
and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide 
compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as 
granting them access to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting 
technology initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American 
Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time 
we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
EFTA01189619
--- PAGE 3 ---
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your 
preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we identify and the 
itineraries we recommend. 
California State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318-10. Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI#600469694. Rhode Island Registration Number: ML#1192; Nevada Seller of 
Travel Registration No.: NV#2001-0126; Iowa: TA# 002 Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA01189620

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189621.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL 
CENTURION TRAVEL SERVICE 
2401 W. 8ehrend Dr Ste.55 !NC 08-03-69 
PhCellbt. AZ 85027 
American Express Travel Record Locator: 
Travel Arrangements for: 
(Toll Free) 
When Overseas CM Collect 
Agent ID. RG 
ITINERARY 
Generated: November 6.2013 12:21 PM 
Page 1 of 3 
This itinerary is a reservation only. This reservation will not be ticketed or price guaranteed until ticketing 
authorization is received. Please contact your travel office by 11:59 PM on November 07,or this entire 
reservation will automatically cancel. 
Travel Details: 
Monday November 11, 2013 
CITIZENS OF 
CITIZENS OF 
STAY 
MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT 
PASSPORTS ISSUED TO NATIONALS OF 
MUST BE VALID FOR THE PERIOD OF INTENDED 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
AMERICAN AIRLINES 
Flight: 
1357 
Departure: 
8:20 am 
New York JFK. NY 
Arrival: 
1:30 pm 
San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Departure Terminal: 
TERMINAL 8 
Arrival Termcial: 
TERMINAL D 
Seat 
28C 
Class: 
Economy 
Aldine Record Locator 
Equipment 
Boeing 757 
Estimated Time: 
HR 10MIN 
Distance: 
1.597 Mies 
Meal: 
Food for purchase 
FLIGHT INFORMATION 
Airline: 
SEABORNE AIRLINES 
Flight: 
3572 
Departure: 
3:00 pm 
San Juan. PUERTO RICO 
Arrival: 
3:40 pm 
St Thomas. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Seat 
Unassigned 
Class: 
Economy 
Additional Information: 
Aldine Record Locator 
Equipment 
Dht 
Estimated Time: 
HR 40 MIN 
Distance: 
Miles 
Meal: 
No Meal Service 
ADDITIONAL MESSAGES 
RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS AND VERIFY BAGGAGE 
ALLOWANCE/CHARGES 24 HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE 
PLEASE VERIFY YOUR ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY.SHOULD YOU 
FIND ANY DISCREPANCIES PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY 
UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR ITINERARY. 
ANY CHANGE OR CANCELLATION OF THIS TICKET MAY RESULT IN A 
PENALTY UP TO 100 PERCENT AND BE SUBJECT TO AN INCREASE IN 
FARE. 
TICKETS ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE 
FARE IS NOT GUARANTEED UNTIL TICKET IS PURCHASED. 
-------------------
PLEASE RECONFIRM YOUR FLIGHTS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY 
AS SCHEDULES MAY CHANGE. 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR TO DEPARTURE FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
AIRPORT CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS -
MINUTES PRIOR FOR DOMESTIC FLIGHTS 
HOURS PRIOR FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS 
irs 
EFTA01189621
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 of 3 
PLEASE CHECK WITH CARRIER DIRECTLY FOR SPECIFIC AIRPORT 
CHECK IN TIMES 
If you need hotel accommodations during your trip, we are pleased to offer you the following hotels, which are members of the Fine Hotels 8. 
Resorts program - an exclusive benefit for Centurion Card members. 
When you reserve your stay through Centurion Travel Service, you will receive the following program amenities: A room upgrade at check-in. 
when available: Continental breakfast for two each day of your stay: 4pm late check-out; and a special amenity that varies by property. 
Caneel Bay. A Rosewood Resort 
North Shore Road 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
The Ritz-Carlton St. Thomas 
6900 Great Bay 
St Thomas, 00802, Virgin Islands US 
The Westin St. John Resort 8 Villas 
300a Chocolate Hole 
Great Cruz Bay 
St. John. 00831. Virgin Islands US 
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA01189622
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 of 3 
All services covered by this itinerary are subject to the terms and conditions specified by the suppliers. Customer agrees to the terms and conditions set 
forth on any brochures cr advertisements desalt:4,g any tour. cruise. accommodations. transportation or other services. and to any and all conditions 
contained in documents for any such services including. without limitation. all cancellation and change fees. No employee of American Express and its 
affiliates. subsidiary companies or representatives has authority to vary the teams and conditions. Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed 
charges. iicluding. but not limited to. daily resort or facility fees. may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out from the 
property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your hip regarding the existence and amount of such charges. 
Air Transportation. Important airline ticket terms and conditions and other important notices apply to air transportation.For 
more information, please visit: TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND OTHFR IMPORTANT NOTICFS. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives 
(collectively. "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, 
expense or damage to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel suppliers, including but 
not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in 
fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods. climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft. disease, accidents or failures related to the public Internet, telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party 
technology systems, or any other cause beyond the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that meet your individual needs. We 
consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and recommending specific Itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an 
independent third party and not as a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for 
reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may 
also provide compensation to us for various marketing and administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access 
to our marketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology Initiatives. In addition, we receive compensation 
from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American Express products to pay for supplier products and 
services. From time to time we may enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may 
consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also 
influence the suppliers we identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
CALIFORNIA: This transaction is covered by the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund (TCRF) if the seller of travel was registered 
and participating in the TCRF at the time of sale and the passenger is located in California at the time of payment Eligible passengers may 
file a claim with TCRF if the passenger is owed a refund of more than $50 for transportation or travel services which the seller of travel 
failed to forward to a proper provider or such money was not refunded to you when required. The maximum amount which may be paid by 
the TCRF to any one passenger is the total amount paid on behalf of the passenger to the seller of travel, not to exceed $15,000. A claim 
must be submitted to the TCRF within 12 months after the scheduled completion date of the travel. A claim must include sufficient 
documentation to prove your claim and a $35 processing fee. Claimants must agree to waive their right to other civil remedies against a 
registered participating seller of travel for matters arising out of a sale for which you file a TCRF claim. You may request a claim form by 
writing to: Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation; P.O. Box 6001: Larkspur. CA 94977-6001; or by visiting TCRC's website at 
www.tcrdnfo.org. 
WASHINGTON: If transportation or other services are canceled by the seller of travel, all sums paid to the seller of travel for services not 
performed in accordance with the contract between the seller of travel and the purchaser will be refunded within thirty (30) days of receiving 
the funds from the vendor with whom the services were arranged, or if the funds were not sent to the vendor, the funds shall be returned 
within fourteen (14) days after cancellation by the seller of travel to the purchaser unless the purchaser requests the seller of travel to apply 
the money to another travel product and/or date. 
NEVADA: 
RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY SELLERS OF TRAVEL 
You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in Nevada for the purchase of 
travel services or. a vacation certificate and you have suffered certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information 
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the Consumer 
Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry at the following locations: 
SOUTHERN NEVADA: 1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101. Las Vegas. Nevada 89104, Phone: 
NORTHERN NEVADA 4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B. Suite 113, Reno, Nevada 89502, Phone: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
Fax: 
e-mail: 
California CSTa1022318.10. Rhode Island ML#1192. Washington UBIII600.469894, Iowa TAII002, Nevada NW/2001-0126. 
EFTA01189623

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189624.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Office of Terje Rod-Larsen ‹
> 
Subject: November 6 update 
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2013 18:39:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: D05717EB-A4EA-4D81-990B-04081228EC I 3.png 
November, 2013 
Article 1. 
Tablet Magazine 
The Triangle Connecting the U.S., Israel, and American 
Jewry May Be Coming Apart 
Adam Garfinkle 
Article 2. 
The Diplomat 
America's Moment of Truth on Iran 
Flynt Leverett and Hillary Mann Leverett 
Article 3. 
World Affairs Journal 
No Exit: Why the US Can't Leave the Middle East 
Michael J. Totten 
Article 4. 
Los Angeles Times 
Making up with Europe 
Bruce Ackerman 
Article 5. 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
The Long Reach for Syrian Peace 
Interview with Leslie H. Gelb 
Article 6. 
Foreign Affairs 
The Future of the U.S.-Egyptian Relationship Is in the 
Past 
Robert Springborg 
Art1c1e 7. 
The New Yorker 
An Economic Vision of Peace in Israel 
Bernard Avishai 
ArtIcic 1 
Tablet Magazine 
The Triangle Connecting  the U.S.,  Israel, an 
American Jewry V1 lay Be Coming Apart
Adam Garfinkle 
EFTA01189624
--- PAGE 2 ---
November 5, 2013 -- American Jewry is in for a real shock: The "special 
relationship" between the United States and Israel is fast eroding. The 
strategic, cultural, and demographic alignments that gave rise to and 
sustained for more than half a century the special relationship between the 
United States and Israel are all changing. These changes have independent 
sources, and the relevant dynamics are playing out in different ways and at 
different rates. But make no mistake: They are connected to and influence 
one another. 
The simple understanding of how the special relationship works is linear: 
American Jews go to bat in American politics for Israeli interests, as they 
understand them, because Israeli interests are believed to be inseparable 
from Jewish interests. This is the "lobby" model, and we recognize its 
appurtenances: the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee, the 
Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, and a 
galaxy of smaller, sometimes explicitly partisan groups, from J Street to 
the Emergency Committee for Israel. In truth, however, the relationship 
consists of a metaphorical triangle linking American Jewry with the 
governments of Israel and the United States. In the natural course of 
political events, all three actors intermediate between the other two, for 
good and ill. For example, even as American Jews lobby for Israel in 
American politics, Israeli governments sometimes get between American 
Jews and their own government: Jonathan Pollard is one example, and the 
loan  guarantee fight during the George H.W. Bush Administration is 
another. So is the more contemporary effort of the Israeli government to 
put AIPAC and other American Jewish groups much further out on their 
skis in advocating a hawkish policy toward Iran than either the George W. 
Bush or Barack Obama Administrations have considered wise. But the 
U.S. government sometimes musses with the relationship between Israel 
and American Jewry, too, even if only as a side effect of pursuing other 
objectives. The recent peripeties concerning the Obama Administration's 
prospective military strike on Syria furnish a case in point: While that 
awkward dance was stumbling across the floor in its earlier steps, Israel 
and hence AIPAC kept unusually quiet, lest taking a position in favor of a 
strike put them both on the wrong side of strongly opposed American 
public opinion. When the White House asked Israel to voice support for 
military action, it complied, quickly making AIPAC's soundtrack audible. 
EFTA01189625
--- PAGE 3 ---
When the president did his 180, dropping his plans to strike in favor of a 
Russian-brokered chemical-weapons inspection regime, it left both Israel 
and AIPAC hung out to dry. Israel's detractors in the United States did not 
miss the opportunity to excoriate the Jews both here and there, deepening 
the division within American Jewry between those who are comfortable 
with AIPAC's relationship with a right-of-center Israeli government and 
those who are not. Over time, the dynamics of the triangular relationship 
have changed the character of the three actors themselves—most of all 
American Jewry. Let's take a side-by-side look. 
t2: American Jewry-Israel 
In the first three decades of Israel's existence as a modern independent 
state, there was very little daylight between it and the overwhelming 
majority of American Jews. The reasons were several, but chief among 
them was the fact that these were the same people. The majority of the 
American Jewish community and of the pre-state Yishuv were European 
Jews, and mostly Central or East European Jews. The movement out of the 
Russian Empire beginning in the 1880s and 1890s, after the May Laws, 
flowed both to North America and to Palestine. In the postwar years, 
religious Jews in North America felt a keen affinity with religious Jews in 
Israel, just as most progressive, secular, socialist-minded Jews in North 
America felt an affinity with Labor Zionism. When Rabbi Avraham 
Yitzhak Kook figured a way to entwine Zionism with Orthodox Judaism, 
he helped bridge the practical gap between secular and religious, and at the 
same time he created a kind of stereoscopic resonance between Jews in 
Eretz Yisrael and Jews in America. The experience of the Shoah 
dramatically annealed these changes in the context of a radical shift in 
global Jewish demography. Even for most secular Jews, the Zionist project 
took on a transhistorical sense of purpose in the ashen shadow of the 
Holocaust. Never had divisions among Jews in the modern era seemed as 
insignificant as they did between 1939 and 1959. And American Jews had 
objective reason to take pride in the heroic history of Zionism, both before 
and after May 1948. That history, with its narrative of an oppressed people 
yearning to be free in their own land, seemed to echo many facets of the 
American civil religion and, in due course, the equally heroic struggle 
embodied in the Cold War—especially once Israel and the United States 
began constructing their special strategic relationship in the mid to late 
EFTA01189626
--- PAGE 4 ---
1960s. Just as important, Israel's underdog status in the region resonated 
strongly with the underdog self-image of American Jewry; it was important 
that American Jews believe Israel needed them, and, in fact, it did. 
Finally, for first- and second-generation American Jews, intermarriage 
rates were vastly more modest and Jewish-educational attainments were 
superior on average to what they have become today, when a record 
percentage of self-identifying American Jews receive no religious 
education at all. The gossamer thread of Jewish memory that binds the 
generations one to another, while always thin and vulnerable, was much 
stronger 40 years ago than it is today. 
Much else has also changed. The horrors of the Holocaust and the 
unalloyed heroic phase of Zionist history are fading into history, as is the 
sense of common kindred ties between American Jews and Jewish Israelis. 
As a state with a strong economy and a strong military, Israel no longer 
needs American Jews as it once did, even as American Jews need Israel a 
lot more than they once did. It has already been three and a half decades 
since some prominent Israelis, notably Yossi Beilin, told American Jews to 
stop buying Israel bonds—because the cost of processing the things 
exceeded the value of the money being borrowed—and to use the money 
instead to seriously educate their children as Jews and Zionists. American 
Jews eventually got the "Birthright" program out of that tete-a-tete, which 
has been a great success, but little else. Older American Jews still have 
problems getting used to the idea that Israel no longer needs their 
ministrations and money. Meanwhile, young American Jews are 
increasingly alienated from Israel in rough proportion to their lack of 
Jewish education and affiliation, and particularly so if they hold left-wing 
views that increasingly depict Israel in a negative light. The argument, 
however, that anti-Semitism is the main cause of assimilation is nonsense; 
to the contrary, the relative absence of anti-Semitism in America, certainly 
compared to a half century ago, removes a thick layer of in-group loyalty 
glue that is actually accelerating the assimilationist and intermarriage 
trends. Israel's domestic politics has contributed to the growing divide, too, 
by allowing the Orthodox rabbinate to dominate the issue of conversion to 
Judaism—and in increasingly ahistorical, extreme ways—thus alienating 
large numbers of American Jewish families with members who were 
converted according to Jewish law, but not by the "right" kind of rabbis. 
EFTA01189627
--- PAGE 5 ---
Anyone who is honest about it knows that American Jewish demography 
is shattering. As the most recent Pew data vividly demonstrate, the overall 
weight of a numerically shrinking community is shifting to modern- and 
ultra-Orthodoxy, while the demographic bottom is dropping out of so-
called liberal Judaism. Something similar, though not for the same reasons 
or in the same way, is happening in Israel, and a more visibly religious 
Israel is not attracting the affinity of nonreligious American Jews as the 
tanned and taut kova tembel-hatted kibbutzniks of the 1950s and 1960s 
once did. As Orthodox Jews become Israel's most fervent supporters on 
the American scene, less religious and less knowledgeable Jews are feeling 
more awkward taking up the same cause, especially if their closest gentile 
peers exhibit jaundiced attitudes toward Israel. The emergence of counter-
lobbies like J Street, and the growing prominence in intellectual and 
academic circles of Jews who criticize Israel publicly in the name of a 
kinder, gentler Zionism, are all symptoms of the general phenomenon. J 
Street provides room for young liberal Jews to express support for Israel, 
and that is to the good. But there is no way—even for themselves 
sometimes—to tell if they are sincere or if they are instead subtle 
practitioners of what Hannah Arendt once so shrewdly described as the arts 
of the parvenu. The mere existence of such Jewish voices makes it more 
acceptable for non-Jews to criticize Israel out of a host of motives, and that 
in turn raises a cost for rank-and-file American Jews to be vocal supporters 
of Israel. That's not how it used to be. There is, in short, plenty of 
daylight between American Jewry and Israel, and the torrid sun is starting 
to burn us. There's no reason to expect any abatement of the trend. 
243: Israel -U.S. 
The U.S. and Israeli governments under successive administrations in both 
countries have had a direct strategic relationship that operates on a 
different plain from American (and Israeli) domestic politics. That 
relationship between executive branches has always turned more on "hard" 
geopolitical considerations, while aspects of the special relationship below 
that level has tended to give pride of place to "soft" aspects of cultural 
affinity. The "hard" strategic relationship has proceeded in two major 
phases since 1948, with a transition period in between, but it was born in a 
classic Jewcentric drama when President Harry Truman rejected the advice 
and analysis of his Secretary of State, George Marshall, and many other 
EFTA01189628
--- PAGE 6 ---
senior members of his administration to enthusiastically support the birth 
of the State of Israel. For Truman, the Jews of America stood for the 
Jewish people in history as mediated through the prism of Anglo-American 
Protestantism. Truman actually cried when Chief Ashkenazic Rabbi 
Yitzhak Herzog told him, during his White House visit on May 11, 1949, 
what the president had done, in broad meta-historical terms, for the Jewish 
people. In a private meeting after Truman left the White House, he replied 
to the thanks offered by the head of the Jewish Theological Seminary by 
answering his host, "What do you mean `helped' create [Israel]? I am 
Cyrus; I am Cyrus!" 
But after Truman left office in January 1953, Israel came to be viewed by 
official Washington as a strategic liability—a barrier to improving relations 
with the Arabs and other Muslim-majority countries so as to keep them 
safe from the designs of Soviet Communism. John Foster Dulles' delusions 
notwithstanding, American Jewry was virtually powerless back then to 
deflect that narrative from the high offices in which it had gained pride of 
place; it was reinforced at the time by the oil lobby, which partly explains 
U.S. policy during the 1956 Suez crisis. Things began to change even 
before the Eisenhower Administration ended and then accelerated during 
the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations. Again the reasons were several. 
By the mid-1960s the mirage of creating close relations between the United 
States and the "progressive" regimes of the region, especially Gamal Abdel 
Nasser's Egypt, had dissipated, while Israel's development successes and 
its Western liberal aura under successive social-democratic Labor 
governments aligned nicely with the ethos of the New Frontier and the 
Great Society. 
The second phase of the relationship, in which Israel came to be considered 
a strategic asset, crystallized after the June 1967 war, in which Israel 
defeated two Middle Eastern clients of the Soviet Union and tarnished the 
Red star in Arab eyes. That is when the Johnson Administration first 
supplied Israel with major military platforms, notably its air power, after 
the French government cut Israel off. Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger 
subsequently reasoned that the United States must not allow the Soviet 
Union to aid its clients at Israel's expense, and so from 1969-70 onward the 
United States expanded military aid to Israel in most every form. The 
rationale was that no peace negotiation between the Jews and the Arabs 
EFTA01189629
--- PAGE 7 ---
could succeed so long as the Arabs believed they had a potentially 
successful military option courtesy of the USSR. U.S. support for Israel, 
then, would defeat Soviet regional strategy and create the preconditions for 
peace, and peace would in turn serve U.S. interests by stabilizing the 
region to general Western advantage in the Cold War. The shift in U.S. 
strategy led first to Anwar Sadat booting the Soviet presence out of Egypt 
in July 1972. When the United States and Israel failed to respond to Sadat's 
shift, it set in motion what became the October 1973 war. But U.S. policy 
led ultimately to the March 1979 Israel-Egypt peace treaty. From then until 
the end of the Cold War, the strong U.S. position in the region validated the 
Nixon-Kissinger strategic narrative. Despite some prominent but highly 
ahistorical claims to the contrary made after 9/11, and despite several 
neuralgic but usually brief episodes of U.S.-Israeli friction, U.S. foreign 
policy in the Middle East between 1967 and 1991 was a rousing success by 
any reasonable measure. 
With no Cold War, however, is Israel still a strategic asset to the United 
States? Just look around at the spate of post-1991 "greater" Middle Eastern 
"episodes"—Iraq, Afghanistan, Iraq again, Libya, Syria, Egypt and, 
prospectively, Iran. In which of these cases could Israel be aptly 
characterized on balance as a useful ally of the United States? It is true that 
Israel helps out in several general ways—intelligence sharing, joint 
maneuvers, weapons and tactics testing, porting—but in crises it is reduced 
to bystander status for the most part. In most of the episodes listed above 
Israel has been either irrelevant or somewhere between a complication and 
an inadvertent nuisance. The general lack of fit between American 
interests in the region and Israel's utility as an ally in the post-Cold War era 
helps explain why we hear so many general remonstrations about a shared 
interest in democracy and in fighting terrorism and countering the 
proliferation of nuclear and chemical weapons, especially Iranian ones. It 
all happens to be true, but it only needs to be articulated so publicly and so 
often because the opportunities for actionable strategic alignment where it 
counts most—at specific sparking points of geopolitical engagement—are 
so meager. 
This also accounts for the traction the "Israel lobby" thesis has gotten 
recently. The argument is not remotely new. The same arguments Stephen 
Walt and John Mearsheimer hauled out in 2008 had been rehearsed many 
EFTA01189630
--- PAGE 8 ---
times before, including by George Ball, one of the most prominent 
American diplomats of the postwar era, in a 1992 book titled The 
Passionate Attachment. But none of the earlier efforts had much clout. 
More than a decade removed from the end of the Cold War, however, the 
most recent visitation of this old argument has had a tangible impact, not 
least in the bowels of the American military and intelligence communities. 
Again, whether one credits the arguments or not, the point is that they have 
gained traction for a reason: the tectonic shift of the strategic landscape 
with the end of the Cold War. 
A, 1: U.S.-American Jewry 
The decay of the first two sides of the triangle that constitutes the special 
relationship is no revelation. Honest observers know most or all of this to 
one degree or another. But the deterioration of the third side is less well 
understood or acknowledged. The relationship between American Jews—
and through them Israel—and American society at large is also changing. 
As with Harry Truman—and Lyndon Johnson, Bill Clinton, and George W. 
Bush after him—large numbers of Americans, from the very beginning of 
the European settlement of North America, came from a branch of Anglo-
Protestant stock that made them sensitive to the narrative of Jewish 
election and the unique, divinely ordained role of the Jews in history. The 
Christian Zionism and generic Judeophilia of Anglo-American 
Protestantism is well documented. Indeed, it is not too much to say that the 
Christian Zionism advocated by Lord Shaftesbury, John Nelson Darby, 
Laurence Oliphant, William Eugene Blackstone, and many others preceded 
the advent of modern Jewish Zionism. We see a reflection of this thinking 
today, of course, in the American Evangelical community. 
There has been anti-Semitism in America's past, to be sure, but there has 
been less of it than in any other Euro-Christian-based culture. And when it 
was at its most virulent in the post-mass immigration period of the 1920s 
and 1930s, its most notable vanguard was no Protestant but rather the Irish 
Catholic priest Father Coughlin. To one degree or another, all of David 
Hackett Fisher's hearth cultures, so brilliantly laid out in his Albion's Seed, 
were Judeophilic—and that habit of the heart also came down in large part 
to black Americans through the African-Methodist and other churches. 
This cultural inheritance goes far to explain the affinity of most Americans 
today with Israel. Ironically enough, intermarriage constitutes a new factor 
EFTA01189631
--- PAGE 9 ---
pointed in the same direction, as ever more non-Jews acquire Jewish 
relatives and, accurately or not, presume their attachment to Israel. It also 
explains why politicians are reluctant to take anti-Israel positions: They are 
not just covetous of Jewish support; they know that there are far more 
Christian voters with strong feelings on the subject than there are Jews. 
But this, too, is gradually but ineluctably changing. Just as the affinity 
between Jews and typical Americans will decline as American Jewry's 
public face becomes more religious, so that affinity will lessen from the 
other direction as American society becomes less Anglo, less avowedly 
religious, and especially less Protestant. Both non-Christians and non-
Protestant Christians lack traditions of Judeophilia comparable to that of 
most Protestants, whose Abrahamic, Scripturalist focus makes them more 
familiar with the Hebrew Bible and more sympathetic with the rhythms 
and lessons of Jewish history. The percentage of Americans who identify as 
Protestants fell from 53 percent in 2007 to 48 percent in 2012; sometime 
during those years the majority of Americans ceased being Protestant for 
the first time since the birth of the Republic. Given immigration statistics 
and birthrates, that trend will not only not be reversed, it will accelerate. 
The data show too that the United States as a whole is fast approaching the 
point where non-"white" minorities will collectively outnumber "whites," 
as is already the case in some states and in many large cities and counties. 
Political consultants for both major parties are keenly aware of these 
trends, of course, and are plotting strategies accordingly. It may not be fair 
or justifiable, but a lot of minority people think that Jews are "white" but 
Palestinians and Arabs are "people of color." The latter are also depicted 
frequently as oppressed and downtrodden at the hands of "white" Jews in 
Israel and "white" imperialists elsewhere. As American demography shifts 
away from "white" Protestants, the narrative of American electoral politics 
with regard to the Middle East is certain to reflect that change. 
Even in the Democratic Party, the political home of the vast majority of 
American Jews since the days of Franklin Roosevelt, rising tones of anti-
Israel sentiment can be discerned. Famously, when some delegates to the 
2012 Democratic National Convention raised the idea of putting a move of 
the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem on the party platform, a 
cascade of boos and hisses erupted from the assembled delegate crowd. 
Meanwhile, Jews, like most Americans, are increasingly likely to identify 
EFTA01189632
--- PAGE 10 ---
as independents, and Jews have become increasingly visible in the 
Republican Party—a fact liable to dilute Jewish political clout as much as 
or more than the overall shrinking of the size of the community. 
*** 
Not all these changes will be bad. The strategic side of the triangle that 
connects Israel and the United States is a case in point. A little more 
normalcy in the U.S.-Israel relationship could have several benign effects. 
Israel has other potential partners in the world, and spreading out Israel's 
diplomatic-strategic portfolio is probably a good thing in the long term. 
But some of those new relationships cannot mature because Israel's ties to 
the United States constrain their possibilities-sales of military technology 
spring to mind as a case in point. The March 2002 cancellations of Israel's 
Phalcon AWACs deal with China is the best-known example, but there are 
plenty of others. 
Certainly, too, as far as U.S.-Israel relations go, these changes are hardly 
likely to be catastrophic. There will be no complete flip from a specially 
intimate relationship to an especially horrendous one. Adjustments will be 
incremental and hardly pandemonic in character. The special relationship 
of the past four to five decades has been highly anomalous, and nothing 
that anomalous lasts for long in human affairs. 
But many American Jews, who read history in very broad and emotional 
brushstrokes, tend not to think that way. They are often "flippists," 
oscillating sharply between exaltation and the darkest pessimism—which 
aligns with a tendency to believe that anyone who does not agree entirely 
with their version of Middle Eastern realities must be an enemy, whether 
an anti-Semite or a "self-hating" Jew. They are not so inclined, as Jews 
have mostly been in other places and other ages, to say, "This too shall 
pass." They are instead afflicted by a "gevalt complex" and so are often to 
be found playing Chicken Little, claiming that the sky is falling or that it 
fell yesterday but you are too dense to have noticed. 
There is a reason for the "gevalt complex": That mode of thinking tells us 
that what amount to religious beliefs are at stake, but not the ones you may 
think. Since the 1967 War, if not before, non-halakhic Jews in America 
(and not a few halakhic ones as well) have created, mostly without 
realizing it or meaning to, a shallow politicized version of Judaism that has 
made Israel into a substitute deity and the Holocaust that deity's liturgy. 
EFTA01189633
--- PAGE 11 ---
This explains the most recent Pew poll's finding that vastly more self-
identifying Jews than before feel Jewish but are not religious and don't 
believe in God: Their identity ensemble has become political. 
Jacob Neusner and others started warning many decades ago that this faux-
Judaism is incapable of transmitting genuine Jewish memory to future 
generations, and they have been proven correct by all the data we now 
have on assimilation and intermarriage. The reasons are not hard to 
identify. Of God there are many mysteries, but of any and every political 
entity, including Israel as a real country rather than as a beatified idol, there 
are many misanthropies. And what healthy child wants to associate with a 
community seemingly obsessed with mass murder and eternal victimhood? 
If indeed the majority of Jews in America need Israel for purposes of their 
own communal coherence and individual self-esteem far more than Israel 
needs them, and if their corporate sense of place within American society 
depends to some degree on that connection, then the decay of the two sides 
of the triangle to which American Jewry is connected presages a tragedy of 
that community's own making. Less American Jewish support for a more 
religious, right-of-center Israel will abet a diminishing affinity between 
Jewish and American sensibilities that are growing apart from both ends. 
The erosion of these affinities falls into a strategic context in which "hard" 
strategic factors no longer parallel and reinforce "soft" cultural ones as 
they once did. The diminution of strategic closeness between the United 
States and Israel is doubling back to widen internal American-Jewish and 
American Jewry-Israel divisions, as well. We may be witnessing the 
intermediate stages of a death spiral, where the tighter that community 
wants to hold on to its image of the State of Israel, and to the state's 
historical prolegomenon in the Holocaust, the more damage it does to 
itself. That's the way, it would seem, the triangle crumbles. 
Dr Adam Garfinkle is editor of The American Interest and author of 
Jewcentricity: Why the Jews Are Praised,  Blamed and Used to Explain 
Nearly Everything.
Article 2. 
The Diplomat 
EFTA01189634
--- PAGE 12 ---
Am ri a 
• th on Iran 
Flynt Leverett and Hillary Mann Leverett 
November 4, 2013 -- America's Iran policy is at a crossroads. Washington 
can abandon its counterproductive insistence on Middle Eastern hegemony, 
negotiate a nuclear deal grounded in the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty 
(NPT), and get serious about working with Tehran to broker a settlement to 
the Syrian conflict. In the process, the United States would greatly 
improve its ability to shape important outcomes there. Alternatively, 
America can continue on its present path, leading ultimately to strategic 
irrelevance in one of the world's most vital regions—with negative 
implications for its standing in Asia as well. 
U.S. policy is at this juncture because the costs of Washington's post-Cold 
War drive to dominate the Middle East have risen perilously high. 
President Obama's self-inflicted debacle over his plan to attack Syria after 
chemical weapons were used there in August showed that America can no 
longer credibly threaten the effective use of force to impose its preferences 
in the region. While Obama still insists "all options are on the table" for 
Iran, the reality is that, if Washington is to deal efficaciously with the 
nuclear issue, it will be through diplomacy. 
In this context, last month's Geneva meeting between Iran and the P5+1 
brought America's political class to a strategic and political moment of 
truth. Can American elites turn away from a self-damaging quest for 
Middle Eastern hegemony by coming to terms with an independent 
regional power? Or are they so enthralled with an increasingly surreal 
notion of America as hegemon that, to preserve U.S. "leadership," they will 
pursue a course further eviscerating its strategic position? 
The proposal for resolving the nuclear issue that Iran's foreign minister, 
Javad Zarif, presented in Geneva seeks answers to these questions. It 
operationalizes the approach advocated by Hassan Rohani and other 
Iranian leaders for over a decade: greater transparency on Iran's nuclear 
activities in return for recognizing its rights as a sovereign NPT signatory 
—especially to enrich uranium under international safeguards—and 
removal of sanctions. For years, the Bush and Obama administrations 
rejected this approach. Now Obama must at least consider it. 
EFTA01189635
--- PAGE 13 ---
The Iranian package provides greater transparency on Tehran's nuclear 
activities in two crucial respects. First, it gives greater visibility on the 
conduct of Iran's nuclear program. Iran has reportedly offered to comply 
voluntarily for some months with the Additional Protocol (AP) to the NPT 
—which it has signed but not yet ratified and which authorizes more 
proactive and intrusive inspections—to encourage diplomatic progress. 
Tehran would ratify the AP—thereby committing  to its permanent 
implementation—as part of a final deal. 
Second, the package aims to validate Iran's declarations that its enrichment 
infrastructure is not meant to produce weapons-grade fissile material. Iran 
would stop enriching  at the near-20 percent level of fissile-isotope purity 
needed to fuel the Tehran Research Reactor and cap enrichment at levels 
suitable for fueling power reactors. Similarly, Iran is open to capping the 
number of centrifuges it would install—at least for some years—at its 
enrichment sites in Natanz and Fordo. 
Based on conversations with Iranian officials and political figures in New 
York in September (during Rohani and Zarif's visit to the UN General 
Assembly) and in Tehran last month, it is also possible to identify items 
that the Iranian proposal almost certainly does not include. Supreme 
Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei has reportedly given President 
Rohani and his diplomats flexibility in negotiating a settlement—but he 
has also directed that they not compromise Iran's sovereignty. Thus, the 
Islamic Republic will not acquiesce to American (and Israeli) demands to 
suspend enrichment, shut its enrichment site at Fordo, stop a heavy-water 
reactor under construction at Arak, and ship its current enriched uranium 
stockpile abroad. 
On one level, the Iranian package is crafted to resolve the nuclear issue 
based on the NPT, within a year. Iran's nuclear rights would be respected; 
transparency measures would reduce the proliferation risks of its 
enrichment activities below what Washington tolerates elsewhere. On 
another level, though, the package means to test America's willingness and 
capability to resolve the issue on this basis. It tests this not just for 
Tehran's edification, but also for that of other P5+1 states, especially China 
and Russia, and of rising powers like India and South Korea. 
America can fail the Iranian test in two ways. First, the Obama 
administration—reflecting America's political class more broadly—may 
EFTA01189636
--- PAGE 14 ---
prove unwilling to acknowledge Iran's nuclear rights in a straightforward 
way, insisting on terms for a deal that effectively suborn these rights and 
violate Iranian sovereignty. 
There are powerful constituencies—e.g., the Israel lobby, neoconservative 
Republicans, their Democratic "fellow travelers," and U.S.-based Iran 
"xperts"—that oppose any deal recognizing Iran's nuclear rights. They 
understand that acknowledging these rights would also mean accepting the 
Islamic Republic as an enduring entity representing legitimate national 
interests; to do so, America would have to abandon its post-Cold War 
pretensions to Middle Eastern hegemony. 
Those pretensions have proven dangerously corrosive of America's ability 
to accomplish important objectives in the Middle East, and of its global 
standing. Just witness the profoundly self-damaging consequences of 
America's invasion and occupation of Iraq, and how badly the "global war 
on terror" has eviscerated the perceived legitimacy of American purposes 
in the Muslim world. But, as the drama over Obama's call for military 
action against Syria indicates, America's political class remains deeply 
attached to imperial pretense—even as the American public turns away 
from it. If Washington could accept the Islamic Republic as a legitimate 
regional power, it could work with Tehran and others on a political solution 
to the Syrian conflict. Instead, Washington reiterates hubristic demands 
that President Bashar al-Assad step down before a political process starts, 
and relies on a Saudi-funded "Syrian opposition" increasingly dominated 
by al-Qa'ida-like extremists. 
If Obama does not conclude a deal recognizing Iran's nuclear rights, it will 
confirm suspicions already held by many Iranian elites—including 
Ayatollah Khamenei—and in Beijing and Moscow about America's real 
agenda vis-à-vis the Islamic Republic. It will become undeniably clear that 
U.S. opposition to indigenous Iranian enrichment is not motivated by 
proliferation concerns, but by determination to preserve American 
hegemony—and Israeli military dominance—in the Middle East. If this is 
so, why should China, Russia, or rising Asian powers continue trying to 
help Washington—e.g., by accommodating U.S. demands to limit their 
own commercial interactions with Iran—obtain an outcome it does not 
actually want? 
EFTA01189637
--- PAGE 15 ---
America can also fail Iran's test if it is unable to provide comprehensive 
sanctions relief as part of a negotiated nuclear settlement. The Obama 
administration now acknowledges what we have noted for some time—
that, beyond transitory executive branch initiatives, lifting or even 
substantially modifying U.S. sanctions to support diplomatic progress will 
take congressional action. 
During Obama's presidency, many U.S. sanctions initially imposed by 
executive order have been written into law. These bills—signed, with little 
heed to their long-term consequences, by Obama himself—have also 
greatly expanded U.S. secondary sanctions, which threaten to punish third-
country entities not for anything they've done in America, but for perfectly 
lawful business they conduct in or with Iran. The bills contain conditions 
for removing sanctions stipulating not just the dismantling of Iran's nuclear 
infrastructure, but also termination of Tehran's ties to movements like 
Hizballah that Washington (foolishly) designates as terrorists and the 
Islamic Republic's effective transformation into a secular liberal republic. 
The Obama administration may have managed to delay passage of yet 
another sanctions bill for a few weeks—but Congressional Democrats no 
less than congressional Republicans have made publicly clear that they will 
not relax conditions for removing existing sanctions to help Obama 
conclude and implement a nuclear deal. If their obstinacy holds, why 
should others respect Washington's high-handed demands for compliance 
with its extraterritorial (hence,  illegal) sanctions against Iran? Going into 
the next round of nuclear talks in Geneva on Thursday, it is unambiguously 
plain that Obama will have to spend enormous political capital to realign 
relations with Iran. America's future standing as a great power depends 
significantly on his readiness to do so. 
Flynt Leverett and Hillary Mann Leverett are authors of Going to Tehran: 
Why the United States Must Come to Terms with the Islamic Republic of 
Iran (New York: Metropolitan, 2013) and teach international relations, he 
at Penn State, she at American University. 
Anicic 3. 
World Affairs Journal 
EFTA01189638
--- PAGE 16 ---
No Exit: Why the US Can't Leave the Middle 
East
Michael J. Totten 
America is in a bad mood. 
In the midst of the worst economy since the 1970s, we're on the verge of 
losing the war in Afghanistan, the longest we've ever fought, against 
stupefyingly primitive foes. 
We sort of won the war in Iraq, but it cost billions of dollars, thousands of 
lives, and Baghdad is still a violent, dysfunctional mess. 
The overhyped Arab Spring has been cancelled in Egypt. Liberating Libya 
led to the assassination of our ambassador. Syria is disintegrating into total 
war with bad guys on both sides and the US dithering on the sidelines, 
worried more about saving face at this point than having any significant 
effect on the facts on the ground. 
A majority of American voters in both parties have had it. They're just flat-
out not interested in spending any more money or lives to help out. Even 
many foreign policy professionals are fed up. We get blamed for every one 
of the Middle East's problems, including those it inflicts on itself. How 
gratifying it would be just to walk away, dust off our hands, and say you're 
on your own. 
But we can't. 
Actually, in Egypt maybe we can. And maybe we should. 
Hosni Mubarak was a terrible leader and a lukewarm ally at best, but until 
the Egyptian army arrested him in 2011, Cairo had been part of the 
American-backed security architecture in North Africa and the Eastern 
Mediterranean ever since his predecessor, Anwar Sadat, junked Egypt's 
alliance with the Soviet Union. 
The election of the Muslim Brotherhood regime in the wake of the Arab 
Spring, though, moved Egypt into the "frenemy" column. It's still there 
under the military rule of General Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi, the new head of 
state in all but name since the army removed Mohamed Morsi. 
Sisi is no less hostile to Washington than Morsi was. As Lee Smith put it 
shortly after the second coup in three years, Egypt's new jefe "sees the 
United States as little more than a prop, a rag with which he burnishes his 
EFTA01189639
--- PAGE 17 ---
reputation as a strongman, a village mayor puffing his chest and boasting 
that he is unafraid to stand up to the Americans." 
Sisi knows his country and what it takes to appeal to the masses. The 
whole population—left, right, and center—is as hostile toward the United 
States as it ever was. Never mind that Americans backed the anti-Mubarak 
uprising. Never mind that Washington sought good relations with Egypt's 
first freely elected government in thousands of years. Never mind that the 
Obama administration refuses to call the army's coup what it plainly was in 
order to keep Egypt's aid money flowing. None of that matters. The United 
States and its Zionist sidekick remain at the molten center of Egypt's 
phantasmagorical demonology. 
Bribing Egypt with billions of annual aid dollars to maintain its peace 
treaty with Israel and to keep a lid on radical Islam makes even less sense 
today than it did when Morsi and the Brotherhood were in charge. Morsi 
needed that money to prevent Egyptians from starving to death. He had a 
major incentive to cooperate—or else. 
But now that the Brothers are out of the picture, partly at the behest of the 
Saudis, Riyadh says it will happily make up the difference if Washington 
turns off the aid spigot. 
Turn it off then, already. Our money buys nothing from Sisi if he can 
replace it that easily. If he gets the same cash infusion whether or not he 
listens to the White House, why should he listen to the White House? He 
isn't our friend. He's only one step away from burning an American flag at 
a rally. He's plenty motivated for his own reasons to keep radical Islamists 
in check since they're out to destroy him. And his army is the one Egyptian 
institution that's not at all interested in armed conflict with Israel because it 
would suffer more egregiously than anything or anyone else. 
We're either paying him out of sheer habit or because Washington thinks it 
might still get something back from its investment. Maybe it will, but it 
probably won't. 
Either way, Sisi instantly proved himself more violent and ruthless than 
Mubarak when he gave the order to gun down hundreds of unarmed 
civilians. The fact that the Muslim Brotherhood "retaliated" by burning 
dozens of churches, murdering Christians at random, and shooting 
policemen does not make what he did okay. He was, for a few days at least, 
no better than Bashar al-Assad. Giving him money and guns will make us 
EFTA01189640
--- PAGE 18 ---
no friends but plenty of enemies, especially when his regime proves itself 
no more capable of halting Egypt's freefall than the last one. 
Max Boot at the Council on Foreign Relations put it this way in the Los 
Angeles Times: "It is no coincidence that both Osama bin Laden and [al-
Qaeda deputy Ayman al-] Zawahiri hailed from US-allied nations that 
repressed their own citizens. Both men were drawn to the conclusion that 
the way to free their homelands was to attack their rulers' patron. It is 
reasonable to expect that a new generation of Islamists in Egypt, now being 
taught that the peaceful path to power is no longer open, will turn to 
violence and that, as long as Washington is seen on the side of the generals, 
some of their violence will be directed our way." 
Even if the Egyptian army faces the kind of full-blown Islamist insurgency 
that ripped through Algeria in the 1990s—which is unlikely, but possible—
Cairo will still get all the help it needs from the Gulf, not because the 
Saudis oppose radical Islam, but because they view the Muslim 
Brotherhood as the biggest long-term threat to their rule. 
The case for walking away from Egypt and dusting our hands off is sound. 
Libya, however, is another matter entirely. 
Having learned in Iraq that occupying Arab lands is bad for everyone's 
health, the US helped free Libya of Muammar el-Qaddafi without suffering 
even one single casualty. We did it all from the skies. The ground was thick 
with indigenous rebels, so no American ground troops were required. 
Qaddafi had no friends to come to his rescue and he stood no chance with 
his feeble and outdated hardware. 
But then we lost Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three others during 
the long Libyan aftermath, when a terrorist group tied to al-Qaeda attacked 
the US consulate in Benghazi. It happened on the same day—not 
coincidentally, on September 11th—that mobs of fanatical Salafists waving 
al-Qaeda flags rioted and set fires all over the region, using a ludicrous 
anti-Muhammad video uploaded to YouTube by a crackpot Egyptian 
"filmmaker" no one had ever heard of before as a pretext. 
For reasons that still don't make any sense, American officials falsely 
claimed the Benghazi incident was the result of yet another protest riot 
gone out of control. But there was no protest or riot in Benghazi related to 
that video, contrary to Washington's initial clumsy and mendacious public 
statements. 
EFTA01189641
--- PAGE 19 ---
Unlike in Egypt and even Tunisia, nobody in Libya protested against the 
United States for "allowing" a so-called blasphemous video to be uploaded 
to YouTube. The only demonstrations in Libya that week were against 
radical Islamists, against the terrorists that murdered Ambassador Stevens. 
The citizen groundswell against Benghazi's Islamist militia was so intense 
that its members had to flee into the desert. 
Libya is a traditional and conservative place, but that does not mean it's 
Islamist. Two out of three Egyptians voted for Islamist parties in the post-
Mubarak parliamentary elections, but in Libya, the National Forces 
Alliance, a moderate centrist party, won the most seats in 2012. The Justice 
and Construction Party—the political vehicle for Libya's Muslim 
Brotherhood—only won ten percent of the vote. The Brotherhood isn't 
quite as irrelevant in Libya as, say, the Green Party is in the United States, 
but it's close. 
Libya's people are not just by and large against the Islamists. They are 
perhaps friendlier to the West in general and the United States in particular 
than anyone else in the Arab world. 
It makes sense if you think about it. Under no theory can the United States 
be held responsible for Qaddafi's crimes and repression. He was a self-
declared enemy of America on the day he took power, and M 
still be 
tormenting his hapless citizens like a sadistic mad scientist if Americans 
hadn't provided air support for the rebels. He received no money, no 
weapons, no training, no diplomatic cover—nothing—from the United 
States. 
Every bad thing Libyans ever heard about Americans came from the 
internal propaganda organs of the man who kicked them in the face every 
day for forty-two years. At least some of their geopolitical views resemble 
those of Eastern Europeans under the communists—if the Americans are 
the enemies of our tyrannical government, how bad can they be? They are 
as pro-American as we could ever expect Arab Muslims to be. 
Libya under Qaddafi had far too much government. Now it does not have 
enough. The previous regime was one of the most repressive on earth, and 
when it went down, most institutions—including the army—went with it. 
The state and its security forces are therefore too weak. They're being 
rebuilt from scratch and won't be finished for years. 
EFTA01189642
--- PAGE 20 ---
There is no reason in the world for the US not to associate with or help 
Prime Minister Ali Zeidan and his colleagues. On the contrary, if the 
government can't establish a monopoly on the use of force in the lawless 
parts of the country, Libya could end up an incubator of terrorism like 
Somalia, Yemen, or Mali, despite the fact that most of its people want 
nothing to do with it. 
Syria is the last country we can afford to ignore right now, even though 
large numbers in both parties—for perfectly logical reasons—are averse to 
doing anything more than shuddering at a distance. 
But what happens there is our business because it affects us. Syria isn't 
Belize. It matters who runs that country, and it matters a lot. 
Bashar al-Assad's regime is the biggest state sponsor of international 
terrorism in the Arab world, and it's aligned with the Islamic Republic 
regime in Iran, the biggest state sponsor of international terrorism in the 
entire world. Obviously, then, it's in our interest to see him defeated. 
One of his principal enemies on the home front, though, is the al-Qaeda—
linked Nusra Front. Obviously it's not in our interest to see these bin 
Ladenists replace Assad. 
The Free Syrian Army is disgruntled at the lackluster assistance the United 
States has provided, but that's partly because it has been fighting against 
Assad alongside the Nusra Front, and also because many of its own 
commanders are also Islamists, even if they're moderate compared with al-
Qaeda. The tactical alliance between the two groups is fracturing, and it 
won't outlast Assad by even a week, but it's enough to make Washington 
reluctant and skeptical. 
Americans have always been willing to sacrifice money and lives for allies 
and friends, but allies and friends who are powerful enough inside Syria to 
affect outcomes are thin on the ground. Early in the game, the 
administration could have tried to arm, fund, and train a politically 
moderate fighting force inside Syria, but that will be a lot more difficult 
now that the Turks and the Gulf Arabs are backing their own proxies who 
don't share our interests or values. 
So there are those who say let them kill each other because, as Daniel Pipes 
argues, it "keeps them focused locally" and "prevents either one from 
emerging victorious." It brings to mind Henry Kissinger's famous quip 
about the Iran-Iraq war. "It's too bad they can't both lose." 
EFTA01189643
--- PAGE 21 ---
The operative word in Kissinger's sentence is "can't." Opposing sides 
don't zero each other out. That's not how wars work, or end. Wars end 
when somebody wins. 
The worst-case scenario from an American point of view is that they both 
win. That's an actual possibility. Syria could fracture into pieces. In a way, 
it already has. An Alawite rump state backed by Iran, Hezbollah, and 
Russia existing alongside a Sunnistan ruled by Islamists could very well 
emerge as a semi-permanent reality of Middle Eastern geography. At the 
very least, the United States needs a policy that reduces the likelihood of 
that most horrible outcome. 
A few months ago, I asked the Lebanese MP Samy Gemayel what he 
thought about Washington's confusion in Syria. "Before you can know 
what to do," he said, "you have to know what you want." One way or 
another, we should want both Assad and al-Qaeda to lose. But they aren't 
going to lose simultaneously. They'll need to lose consecutively. One of 
them first has to win. 
So fight and defeat Bashar al-Assad, or support someone who will do it 
instead. Then fight and defeat the Nusra Front, or support someone who 
will do it instead. 
Or face the fact that one or both are going to win. If the Nusra Front wins, 
we'll have an Afghanistan on the Mediterranean. And if Assad wins, he 
could end up under an Iranian nuclear weapons umbrella. 
Some parts of the world are like Las Vegas. What happens there, stays 
there. Sub-Saharan Africa is the primary example. Hardly anyone outside 
that region has even noticed that the various wars in Congo have killed 
millions of people since the late 1990s, and even fewer have cared. 
The Middle East isn't like that. Until cars and trucks can be powered by 
solar, wind, or nuclear energy, the entire world depends on the free flow of 
oil from the Persian Gulf region. That requires American security 
guarantees, which require our presence. And until radical Islamist 
organizations utterly lose their local appeal, we'll have little choice but to 
intervene periodically for reasons that have nothing to do with economics 
or resources. For the time being, aggravating though it may be, Americans 
and Arabs are stuck with each other. We can take a bit of a breather, but 
retirement is decades away. 
EFTA01189644
--- PAGE 22 ---
Michael J. Totten is a contributing editor at World Affairs and the author of 
four books, including Where the West Ends and The Road to Fatima Gate. 
Article 4. 
Los Angeles Times 
Makingp with Europe
Bruce Ackerman 
November 6, 2013 -- President Obama is slowly extricating the U.S. from 
its Bush-era fixation on the Middle East. But he is turning his attention in 
the wrong direction. Europe, not Asia, should be his main focus. 
The future of liberal democracy will depend on its ongoing success in its 
Enlightenment heartland. If it can overcome current troubles and thrive in 
Europe and the Americas, this will inspire the worldwide democracy 
movement over the long run. If it fails in the West, no amount of Asian 
realpolitik will compensate for the collapse. 
The central challenge is to reconstruct the foundations of the transatlantic 
community. These are in urgent need of repair. The National Security 
Agency scandal is the latest in a series, including Guantanamo and Abu 
Ghraib, that has shattered America's moral standing in Europe. 
The United States has also been discrediting its economic leadership. The 
Lehman Bros. collapse revealed America's failure to sustain its model of 
well-regulated capitalism. Europeans have been among the worst victims, 
especially young people, whose hopes have been destroyed by the 
economic crisis. And the debt limit fiasco underscored Washington's 
apparent incapacity to take its economic responsibilities seriously. 
European estrangement comes just as the European Union is threatening to 
unravel. A British referendum on Europe is likely over the next couple of 
years, and the chances of a "no" vote are substantial. An exit by Britain 
would be bad enough, but nationalist parties may well become a major 
force in the European Parliament after the next elections. Such setbacks 
would further delegitimize the technocratic rule of Brussels and Frankfurt. 
With the continuing German insistence on austerity, the populist reaction 
EFTA01189645
--- PAGE 23 ---
could accelerate, dissolving Europe into petty sovereignties ripe for 
nationalist demagogy. 
A serious U.S. diplomatic effort can help contain this threat. A trade deal 
with the EU would dramatize the costs of exit to British voters. A 
breakthrough accord between the Federal Reserve and the European Bank 
would provide the best way to soften the austerity measures that have 
wreaked economic havoc on Southern Europe. 
But the NSA scandal is already disrupting progress. Germany is insisting 
that any trade deal with America be joined to an agreement on surveillance. 
This threatens to paralyze the EU effort to deal with the U.S. with one 
voice. The Obama administration should break this impasse by making the 
first move to resolve the spying scandal. 
Rather than quietly releasing European leaders from 24-hour surveillance, 
Obama should aim for a legally binding executive agreement that would 
grant all citizens of the U.S. and the EU the same protections against 
spying by both the NSA and European intelligence agencies. While 
Congress' efforts to rein in the NSA are likely to have a domestic focus, 
they would serve as a benchmark for parallel negotiations with Europe. 
The new initiative would not only enhance the privacy rights of citizens on 
both sides of the Atlantic,it would express a renewed commitment by both 
sides to the rule of law. 
Similarly, the administration should give priority to a law eliminating the 
legal authority of one house of Congress to destroy the full faith and credit 
of the nation. Republican and Democratic leaders have voiced support for a 
measure that would greatly restrict the power of the tea party to play 
politics with the debt ceiling. 
Under their proposal, the president would announce, on an annual basis, 
the increase required to avoid default. Congress would retain the power to 
reject the president's initiative by a simple majority vote of both houses. If 
the president responded with a veto, two-thirds majorities could still insist 
on ultimate control. 
Nevertheless, the statute would effectively make it impossible for Congress 
to undermine the 14th Amendment's command that "the validity of the 
public debt of the United States ... shall not be questioned." The challenge, 
again, is for the administration to make this a high-priority matter and 
mobilize bipartisan leadership support. 
EFTA01189646
--- PAGE 24 ---
Progress on a transatlantic agreement on surveillance and a statute on the 
debt ceiling would not be enough to repair the moral and economic damage 
of a decade. But it would help catalyze the larger breakthroughs that can 
sustain the transatlantic community as a powerful force for liberal 
democratic values in the 21st century. 
Bruce Ackerman is a professor of law and political science at Yale 
University. 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
The Long  Reach for Syrian Peace 
Interview with Leslie H. Gelb 
November 5, 2013 -- The primary strategic threat to the United States and 
its allies in the Syrian conflict is the potential triumph of radical jihadist 
fighters, says CFR President Emeritus Les Gelb. He argues that 
Washington should pressure moderate Sunni rebels to work, at least 
temporarily, with the Assad government in defeating the hard-line Islamists 
—the "biggest threat" to both sides. "The [Assad government knows] that if 
the jihadis come to power, they're going to kill them all; while the mostly 
secular, moderate Sunnis know that if the jihadis come to power, they will 
impose an Islamic state with sharia law" Once the jihadist danger is 
eliminated, Gelb says, perhaps a power-sharing agreement between the 
moderate Sunni majority and the Alawite (Shiite) minority can be reached. 
Secretary of State John Kerry is in the Middle East seeking support 
for a Geneva II conference aimed at ending the fighting in Syria. Do 
you think that is even feasible at this stage? 
It doesn't look like the conference can work, mainly because the principal 
parties to the conflict don't want to negotiate. The so-called "good" rebels 
—the Sunni moderates that we support, who are led by Ahmed al-Jarba and 
based in Turkey—are reluctant to negotiate with Syrian president Bashar 
al-Assad. And Assad, who's willing to show up there at some level, isn't 
really willing to give up anything at this point. So I don't think that Kerry 
EFTA01189647
--- PAGE 25 ---
will succeed in bringing about a conference—and even if he does, it may 
not accomplish anything. 
So, he's in a real bind it seems. Should the United States do more by 
increasing military aid to the rebels? 
When I was testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last 
week, most of the senators were going in that direction: let's supply more 
and better arms to the moderate, secular, Sunni rebels. My answer to that is 
to point out what's happened the last ten years. Other nations have been 
supplying more and better weapons to the "good rebels" while Russia and 
Iran have countered by supplying more and better arms to the Assad 
regime. And the main beneficiary of that is quite clear: the jihadis, the 
radical rebels. So the current U.S. policy that's trying to fix this in Geneva 
doesn't make any sense, while the business of saying "forget negotiations 
and arm the good rebels" has only produced stalemate and ever-higher 
levels of suffering hardship for the Syrian people. 
Is there another solution out there? 
I don't know if there's a solution, but there's a more sensible way of 
proceeding based on some reality. We should start with the question: "Who 
is the biggest threat to U.S. interests?" Is it Assad? Well, Assad is a 
miserable, nasty dictator, but we lived with him and his father, Hafez al-
Assad, for decades and decades. And while he did some warlike things 
from time to time, basically we and our allies in the region could live with 
him. So are the rebels the answer? Well, we'd like to have them come to 
power, but there's no clear path to that. They're not threatening us, but 
they're not threatening Assad very much either. So the real threat, it seems 
to me, comes from the jihadis and al-Qaeda—the IslamicSt, 
£yria. They aren't the numerical majority [of rebels], but they are the main 
fighting force and opposition to Assad. More importantly, they are a major 
threat to us and to our allies in the region. You ask the Israelis, the 
Jordanians, the Turks, the Iraqis, who they worry about most, and they'll 
say the jihadis and the potential for them to get control of Syria. 
Are you suggesting that we make a deal with Assad? 
What I'm proposing specifically is that we try to get the "good rebels" to 
come to a cooperative arrangement with Assad's government to fight the 
jihadis. Now, you're not going to be able to get an "alliance," sitting down 
together and working on a joint plan or anything, but you've got to get both 
EFTA01189648
--- PAGE 26 ---
sides focusing on [fighting the jihadis]—because they are the biggest threat 
to the Alawite Assad family and the Sunni moderates. The Alawites know 
that if the jihadis come to power they're going to kill them all; while the 
mostly secular, moderate Sunnis know that if the jihadis come to power 
they will impose an Islamic state with sharia law. So you have to get [the 
Assad regime and Sunni moderates] on the same path, focusing their 
military efforts against the jihadis. 
So the United States has to put pressure on the Sunni moderates to 
come to the Geneva conference? 
That's right. The [United States] should tell the Sunni moderates that their 
first obligation is to beat these jihadis and reach a future political 
understanding with Assad. It could be something like: "When the 
battleground has settled down to some degree, let's have a political 
settlement based on power sharing, perhaps based on a federal state." I 
would propose a federal state where the Alawites would be dominant in 
some regions where they are the majority, and the Sunni moderates would 
be dominant in most of the rest of the country, and they could share power 
in Damascus on common interests like fiscal policy, oil and gas, and the 
like. And Assad would step down and wouldn't run for reelection. I think 
you can work something like that out. Otherwise, you're just going to have 
more killing with the jihadis as the main beneficiary and the Syrian people 
as the main victims. 
Now, could the Turks really lean on them? 
The Turks are sort of a mystery. At some point they were playing both 
sides: they were allowing aid, arms, and money to go through to the jihadis 
while they were allowing some arms to go through to the moderate Sunni 
rebels. They couldn't figure out what they wanted, and that's a reflection of 
what's going on in Turkey itself. Because the Turkish government is 
becoming increasingly Islamized, and so they're tempted to go with the 
Islamists in Syria. But I think they're pulling back a little. In the case of 
Jordan, there's no question. They hate the jihadi rebels and want to help the 
"good rebels." They just don't see the path for doing so. 
So it's really important then to have the United States do something 
more with these moderate Sunni rebels? 
As an incentive, I would provide them with more and better arms than we 
are now. I would say, "If you begin an informal cooperation with Assad 
EFTA01189649
--- PAGE 27 ---
against the jihadis, we'll arm you better, and you'll be in a better position to 
deal with the Alawites in future negotiations." 
So the hard thing is to get them into anything like an informal alliance 
with Assad? 
It's hard, but, again, there is the common interest because both of them—
the moderate Sunnis and the Alawites—fear the jihadis more than they fear 
each other. 
And, of course, Assad's forces are doing better because of the help 
they're getting from Iran and the Russians. 
That's right. They looked a year and a half ago as if they were going to 
lose, but people forgot that they had a reliable supplier and every reason to 
fight because if they lost, they would not just die on the battlefield, they'd 
die as civilians. They'd be slaughtered. 
It's interesting how many of the experts in Washington and elsewhere 
thought Assad would be out two years ago. 
Well, those experts haven't been around long enough to know that these 
things go back and forth and back and forth, which has been the history of 
most of these wars. 
And many also thought that Bashar al-Assad, when he took over more 
than ten years ago, was a liberal, based on some of his personal 
history, including the fact that his wife was brought up in England, 
right? 
Exactly. But a problem in countries like Syria—and the world is full of 
cases like Syria—is we don't know them. To us, they're really strategic 
squares on a chessboard rather than countries with cultures and histories 
and rivalries and whatnot. And we only seem to learn about these countries 
after we've made terrible investments and helped to cause a great deal of 
harm. Our contacts with the Syrians have been at the very highest level, 
but we didn't know the country at a more essential level—we just didn't 
know it. So it's like the Vietnam story—you make mistakes because you 
don't really know who you're dealing with. 
And what do you make of current U.S.-Saudi relations? It was strange 
to see the Saudis suddenly denouncing the United States for its policy 
in the Middle East. 
People say the Saudis are not such a big deal anymore, and that we're 
building up our own oil supplies and the like. That, to me, is a lot of baby 
EFTA01189650
--- PAGE 28 ---
talk. The Saudis have plenty of money; they can support people we want, 
whether it's in Afghanistan, or in Egypt—provide some stability there. The 
Saudis are also a source of stability in the Gulf States. So you can't just 
ignore them and say "don't worry about our negotiations with Iran." That's 
not enough. The Saudis want to know what type of agreement the [United 
States] is prepared to make, and we haven't explained that. They believe 
we're going to give away the store. We also have to begin working on 
stability in Iraq. That's a big country in a strategic location, and while we 
can't solve their problems, we can help them avoid chaos and becoming 
another battleground for the jihadis. 
Article 6 
Foreign Affairs 
The Future of the U.S.-Egyptian Relationship 
Is in the Past 
Robert Si 
gborg 
November 5, 2013 -- When Hoda al-Nasser, the daughter of former 
Egyptian President Gamal Abdel al-Nasser, recently deemed the country's 
current strongman, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, the rightful heir to her father's 
political legacy, it was worth taking her at her word. Just like Nasser, Sisi 
unapologetically seized power in a coup 
. Also like Nasser, Sisi has 
followed a path in higher politics that began with a collaboration with the 
Muslim Brotherhood -- he seems to have conspired with President 
Mohamed Morsi in the removal of Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein 
Tantawi in the summer of 2012 -- before changing course and doing 
everything in his power to crush the Islamist organization. Sisi's 
crackdown has already resulted in the deaths and incarceration of 
thousands of Brotherhood activists, including Morsi, his erstwhile patron. 
This historical parallel might seem to bode ill for the relationship between 
Egypt and the United States. After all, Nasser is remembered today for his 
unabashed, even chauvinistic patriotism, and most policymakers in 
Washington are taught that the close relationship that the United States 
currently enjoys with Egypt traces back to the Camp David accords signed 
by Nasser's successor, Anwar Sadat. But Washington's history with Nasser 
is more auspicious than is generally remembered. Indeed, with some minor 
EFTA01189651
--- PAGE 29 ---
adjustments, Washington's establishment of relations with Nasser's 
government can serve as the most promising template for a stable and 
productive relationship between the United States and Egypt today. 
Sisi is no less nationalistic than his predecessor. Nasser spoke of a "role" in 
the Arab world "in search of a hero" -- a role that Egypt was destined to 
fulfill -- and Sisi makes essentially the same point in less poetic language. 
He asserts that Egypt must regain its position as a leader of the Arabs, and 
by so doing restore Arab power more generally. 
It's true that Sisi's rhetoric is more pious than Nasser's avowedly secular 
pan-Arabism. But that is more a sign of the times than an indicator of a 
profound difference between the two. Indeed, the foundation for Sisi's 
indictment against the Brotherhood is that it offers a transnational, rather 
than a distinctly Egyptian, version of Islamism. A proper Islamism would 
be based on Egyptian traditions and institutions (including the state-
supported Al-Azhar University), and thus be supportive of the country's 
interests -- and by extension Arab interests as a whole. Anything less would 
be traitorous, in Sisi's view. At the core of both men's vision lies the 
projection of strong personal, national, and Arab power. 
But Sisi would do well to notice that Nasser, in his early years, at least, was 
intent on reconciling appeals to Egyptian nationalism with backing from 
the United States. Nasser knew that he needed American support as a 
counterbalance to the possibility of British intervention, following the 
coup, in support of their ally, the deposed King Farouk. He was equally 
aware that American support would be useful in projecting Egyptian 
power, both militarily and diplomatically, in the years ahead. Of course, 
Nasser was careful not to appear to be Washington's puppet. He preferred 
to give the impression that he was using the Americans without giving 
anything in return. In one widely circulated (though possibly apocryphal) 
tale about his dealings with the CIA, Nasser was said to have built the 
Cairo Tower, which transmitted the Voice of the Arabs radio station, with 
cash bribes from an American agent that were intended to buy his loyalty. 
The tall, lean tower was said to represent the young leader "saluting" the 
United States with his middle finger. 
Equally instructive is the fact that the United States tolerated this 
arrangement. Then, as now, Washington's primary goal in the region was to 
find a strong leader in Cairo willing to work with the United States. By 
EFTA01189652
--- PAGE 30 ---
1949, U.S. intelligence had deemed that Nasser was such a figure, so 
Washington threw its weight behind him. It stood in the way of British 
attempts to roll the 1952 coup back and then, more germane to the 
contemporary situation, it supported Nasser against democratic opposition 
forces whose power rose in 1953 and early 1954 in reaction to Nasser's 
increasingly authoritarian tendencies. In October 1954, Nasser moved to 
brutally subdue the final remaining element of the opposition, which was 
the Brotherhood. Washington had originally supported the Brothers in 
preference to the liberal, secular opposition, which it deemed too weak to 
govern, but it stood by as thousands of them were killed, imprisoned, or 
chased into exile. 
Eventually, the relationship between Nasser's regime and the United States 
came undone. The failure had multiple causes. Having assisted Nasser's 
rise to power, and then his consolidation of it, the United States got cold 
feet as tensions between Egypt and Israel rose. Ultimately Nasser's outsize 
ambitions -- which increasingly became focused on military engagement in 
the Arabian Peninsula following a 1962 coup in Yemen -- exceeded what 
Washington could support, making the lure of Soviet support ever more 
attractive to Cairo. It is also possible that Nasser had tricked the Americans 
into believing that he was their man and would help them secure their 
interests in the Middle East, but from the outset had intended to use and 
then discard U.S. support. 
The U.S.-Egyptian relationship is now essentially back to where it was in 
1954, with Washington supporting an emerging military strongman who 
needs to demonstrate his bona fides to his most important constituency, the 
military, first, and to the country as a whole second. The challenge for both 
the United States and Sisi will be to recalibrate their expectations of the 
relationship so that they focus narrowly on the enduring overlap in 
strategic interests, rather than on trying to reconstitute the more expansive 
alliance that they built over the last 30 years. The United States needs a 
strong Egypt upon which to anchor its drifting policy in the region, while 
Sisi needs arms and money to fend off domestic challengers. The future is 
bright, so long as both sides are willing to shed aspects of the relationship 
beyond those basic goals. 
Sisi already seems to be following that game plan. Like Nasser, he has 
distanced himself publicly from Washington while doing everything to 
EFTA01189653
--- PAGE 31 ---
ensure its most important support. Consider his government's response to 
the announcement in October of a temporary suspension of U.S. military 
assistance for procurement of F-16s, Abrams tanks, and Apache 
helicopters. Sisi declared that the decision would hurt the United States 
more than Egypt. But he said nothing to risk the discontinuation of 
assistance for Egypt's counterterrorism activities, especially in the Sinai, 
which are of far greater and more immediate importance to the credibility 
of the military and its leader. 
Sisi has, to be sure, allowed the government-owned and government-
controlled media to become much more critical of the United States than it 
was under his predecessor Hosni Mubarak. But he has been careful not to 
cross the real red line for Washington, which is Egypt rejecting in word or 
deed its peace with Israel. Indeed, under Sisi, the Egyptian military has not 
only destroyed Hamas' tunnels under the Sinai-Gaza border but has 
stepped up broader counterterrorism cooperation with Israel while 
refraining from strong criticism of even the prickly Netanyahu 
government. 
The key to making this a sustainable strategy may be a continued reform of 
the Egyptian military. As part of the reconfiguration of the U.S.-Egyptian 
relationship, arms sales to Egypt will need to be altered and possibly 
reduced, to ensure that they are designed to meet Egypt's real security 
threats, rather than the pecuniary interests of people on either side of the 
delivery chain. Procurement supported by U.S. Foreign Military Funding 
will have to shift from the heavy emphasis on fighter planes, attack 
helicopters, and tanks to equipment more suitable for threats posed by 
insurgencies, terrorism, border penetration, peacekeeping, natural disasters, 
maritime challenges, and the like. A leaner, more agile military of this sort 
would be more capable of deployment in the region in pursuit of Egyptian 
and, not coincidentally, American interests. 
Mubarak had long feared that downsizing and professionalizing the 
military in this way would cause the officer corps to rebel, and that being 
seen to serve U.S. regional interests would undercut his fragile domestic 
legitimacy. The result was a massive military that became bloated and soft, 
preparing in Godot-like fashion for a war with Israel that would thankfully 
never come, and which was unable to project its power elsewhere. Sisi is 
not likely to share Mubarak's fears. He has already retired off a substantial 
EFTA01189654
--- PAGE 32 ---
portion of the senior officer corps who benefitted most from systematic 
corruption. His appeal is to younger officers who he may calculate will 
remain loyal out of a shared sense of mission, rather than because of 
patronage. A leaner military capable of projecting Egyptian power could 
become essential to maintaining Sisi's popularity among the public. (For 
Washington's part, a mobile Arab expeditionary force capable of 
intervening in trouble spots in pursuit of mutually agreed objectives would 
be a major boon in the region.) 
Of course, even if the United States and Egypt achieve a new stability, 
there's no telling how long it would last. Just as in the Nasser era, both 
sides may end up wanting too much. Having assisted the reconfiguration of 
the Egyptian military and the economic resuscitation of the country, 
Washington could become bossy, insensitive to Egyptian desires generally 
and the political needs of its rulers in particular. And it may only be a 
matter of time until a stronger and more nationalistic Egypt is tempted to 
flex its muscles, which is sure to elicit unpredictable reactions in the 
region. 
Much will come down to Sisi himself, and to how far he decides to follow 
in Nasser's footsteps. He is clearly his predecessor's equal in his obsession 
with power, his tactical finesse at acquiring it, and his jealous and ruthless 
guarding of it. But Sisism is only just beginning to coalesce into an 
apparent ideology, one that draws its legitimacy through reference to 
nationalism, an established and conservative Islam, and a strong sense of 
conservative morality. Although there is nothing inherent in this outlook 
that would contradict a strong relationship between the United States and 
Egypt, that was also the view that Washington had of Nasserism back in 
the early 1950s. The central paradox of that previous relationship -- that the 
strong leader supported by Washington ultimately had to turn on his 
benefactor to assert his strength -- is certainly worth keeping in mind this 
time. 
Robert Springborg is professor of national security affairs at the Naval 
Postgraduate School. 
AnIcic 7.
The New Yorker 
EFTA01189655
--- PAGE 33 ---
An Economic Vision of Peace in Israel 
Bernard Avishai 
November 5, 2013 -- John Kerry is back in Israel, to push for progress on 
Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. The American government has revealed 
little about what Kerry has said, but if his past comments are any 
indication, he may discuss the importance of peace to the Palestinian 
economy. He's less likely to talk about the importance of peace to the 
Israeli economy. 
Israel's = 
per capita was more than thirty-three thousand dollars in 
2011, and the country attracted more than ten billion dollars in foreign 
direct investment last year. The Bank of Israel is flush with reserves, 
almost eighty billion dollars, with which it can stabilize the shekel. Newly 
discovered gas fields are estimated to be worth billions of dollars. Last 
year, Israeli companies exported about sixty-two billion dollars' worth of 
goods. And Israeli entrepreneurship is justly famous: in June, Google 
announced it had bought the Israeli mapping startup Waze, reportedly for a 
billion dollars. 
No wonder CBS's "60 Minutes" last year ran a swooning er port about 
greater Tel Aviv, describing it as "Miami on the Med." "The recession has 
passed Tel Aviv by," the leftist Israeli journalist Gideon Levy told Bob 
Simon. It appears many on the Israeli left doubt that a continued 
occupation will lead to economic harm. During the summer of 2011, when 
hundreds of thousands took to the streets to protest social inequalities, 
organizers generally elided mention of the conflict. Palestinians, for their 
part, insist the occupation is boosting Israel's companies at the expense of 
Palestinian ones. 
The Israeli right seems even more convinced that the occupation hasn't 
hurt the economy. In 1998, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told me in 
an interview for Fortune that Israel's military research, along with 
immigration to the country by Russians, would lead inexorably to 
prosperity. "Peace would be a useful, additional condition," he said, "but it 
is not the primordial, necessary condition, which is, anywhere, economic 
freedom." Last year, Dan Senor, an American writer and political adviser 
who has promoted Israel as the "Start-Up Nation," took Mitt Romney—his 
EFTA01189656
--- PAGE 34 ---
candidate (and Netanyahu's)—on a pre-election trip to Jerusalem. Romney 
said Israel's economic progress provided a "model for others throughout 
the world." 
The problem is that it is difficult to determine the opportunity cost of the 
conflict. How well might the Israeli economy have done if the conflict 
hadn't taken place? 
Now, Yusaku Horiuchi, my colleague in Dartmouth College's government 
department, has applied a fascinating new method for deriving just this. 
Imagine, Horiuchi explained to me, that we could take a pool of countries 
similar to Israel in various respects—exports as a percentage of =, 
urban population, mortality rates, consumption, government expenditure as 
a percentage of =, 
and so on—and then use that pool—call it a "donor 
pool"— to create a "synthetic Israel" that we could track alongside the real 
one. 
To do this, you could use known statistical methods to combine these 
countries' economic records, so that the weighted average record of 
economic performance in the pool tracked with Israel's record over, say, a 
generation. 
True, crucial characteristics in other countries would not be like Israel's. 
Other 
. countries are bigger; they do not have ultra-Orthodox 
communities; they don't have, per capita, as many edgy scientists—or 
drivers. But when you track the real Israel against synthetic Israel, their 
economies behave quite similarly, and that's what matters to the analysis. 
This isn't a completely new method of analysis: Horiuchi is applying to 
political economy an approach similar to what some asset-management 
companies apply to investing. 
Now imagine a catalytic event that affected Israel but not synthetic Israel—
an event with long-term ramifications, like an eruption of the violent 
conflict with the Palestinians. We could then compare Israel to synthetic 
Israel and see if any divergences in economic performance seem 
attributable to this event and its aftermath. If a demonstrable gap opens up, 
and is never closed, we would have a sense of the opportunity cost of the 
conflict's exacerbation. 
I could not resist. We experienced precisely such an event in the early 
aughts, the Al Aqsa intifada, which disrupted a long period of hopeful 
normalization and kicked off a decade of tension and periodic war. As it 
EFTA01189657
--- PAGE 35 ---
happens, this was precisely the decade in which the "Start-up Nation" was 
said to have come into its own. I suggested that we track Israel's 
per 
capita from 1980 to 2000—which in spite of the 1982 Lebanon War, and 
the comparatively nonviolent intifada of 1988, was a relatively peaceful, 
even hopeful, time—and then build a synthetic Israel for the same period. 
Couldn't we then determine what Israel's 
per capita might have 
been, if that relative peace had continued during the decade that followed? 
Imagine, in other words, that Ehud Barak and Yasir Arafat had come to 
terms at Camp David in 2000, rather than ending direct talks in frustration 
and mutual recrimination. How would Israel's economy have looked in 
2010? What have Israeli citizens been missing? 
Horiuchi and a Dartmouth student, Asher Mayerson, ran this analysis. 
First, they built a synthetic Israel made up of real countries: 3.7 per cent 
Belgium, 22.9 per cent Finland, 38.3 per cent Greece, 9.6 per cent New 
Zealand, 11.2 per cent Singapore, and 14.3 per cent Turkey. From 1980 to 
2000, the growth of per capita 
of synthetic Israel tracked with 
Israel's almost exactly—from about fifteen thousand dollars per year (in 
2005 dollars) to about twenty-three thousand dollars. Both were entered 
into a graph. 
TIL4.2 
cutek. 
Then, in 2001, the first year after the outbreak of violence, comes a 
startling break in the lines on the graph. By 2004, the per capita 
for 
Israelis was $22,637, while the comparable figure for synthetic Israelis was 
$25,942. The gap then widened slightly and never closed. (The possibility 
that this deviation was the result of chance is under five per cent, Horiuchi 
shows.) 
There could, of course, be other reasons for the divergence. Likud officials 
have insisted that Israel's unimpressive growth rate in the aughts had to do 
not with the conflict but with the bursting of the dot-corn bubble. But at 
least a couple of the countries that make up synthetic Israel—Finland and 
EFTA01189658
--- PAGE 36 ---
Singapore—had larger high-tech sectors than Israel's in 2001, as measured 
by the countries' high-tech exports as a percents e of total manufactured 
exports. Yet Finland and Singapore saw their 
grow more between 
2001 and 2008 than did Israel—and so, too, did synthetic Israel. The 2000 
intifada, meanwhile, had such a profound impact on Israel that it would 
appear to have been the most significant reason for the gap between real 
Israel and s
 Israel. Cumulatively, from 2001 to 2010, Israel's per 
capita 
was $25,513 less than that of synthetic Israel's. 
What is $25,513 per capita in the grand scheme of things? A great deal. For 
an Israeli family of four, even after income taxes, it might have meant a 
down payment on an apartment, a college education for a child, or a couple 
of new cars. 
Because tax rates in Israel are generally around forty per cent, there are 
implications for the government, too: based on conservative estimates 
(assur
for instance, that only a third of the revenue goes to taxes), the 
lost 
could amount to nearly sixty billion dollars going to the 
government—a big proportion of the country's annual budget. Horiuchi's 
anal sis ends in 2010, but if the trends have continued since then, the lost 
would have grown. 
That is no small matter. We are talking about a government that has been 
cutting desperately to cover a deficit. This is a country where only about 
sixty-four per cent of the adult, non-elderly population participates in the 
labor force (a figure that is fourteen points below that of the Netherlands 
and four points below that of Greece), and where forty per cent of children 
are, according to Israel's Central Bureau of Statistics, "in significant risk of 
falling  below the poverty line," about double the 
. average. 
The boasts from Israel's promoters also obscure tremendous inequalities in 
the country. In Sweden, which has progressive taxation and social-welfare 
policies much like Israel's, the share of income held by the top percentile 
was seven per cent in 2011. In Israel, it was nearly thirteen per cent. 
Israel's poverty rate of about twenty-one per cent is the highest in the 
developed world. 
The repercussions are felt throughout the country: Hebrew University has 
made massive cuts, especially in the humanities and social sciences, to try 
to cover an operating deficit of about fifty-five million dollars. The Taub 
Center, a Jerusalem-based research institute, er ports that for every ten 
EFTA01189659
--- PAGE 37 ---
tenured or tenure-track faculty members at Israel's colleges and 
universities, there are nearly three Israelis filling similar positions in the 
United States. Gershom Gorenberg argued in The American Prospect that 
this is "a rate of intellectual exodus on a greater scale than that of any other 
country in the world." 
Israel should be thought of as several countries in one: Tel Aviv, an 
advanced, global hub, could be compared to Singapore, while dozens of 
less developed towns, like Yerucham, have more in common with Turkey. 
Peace in Israel would mitigate the social tensions between the country's 
rich and poor. But beyond that, the rapid growth engendered by peace 
would allow Israel to improve social relations even more—especially as so 
many of the poor are Arabs. 
"We can grow without progressing toward peace," Stanley Fischer, the 
former governor of the Bank of Israel, said back in 2007. But he added that 
with peace, growth would be much higher: "We are talking about the 
difference between four percent growth a year and growth of five to six 
percent a year." 
Imagine, in other words, if Israel looked more like its synthetic 
counterpart. It would not have to invest so much more of its national 
budget on defense than what other 
. countries spend, freeing up 
funds for social programs and infrastructure. Investment in its academic 
institutions and hospitals would likely mean an early return to Israel of 
scientists and physicians; the gain in intellectual capital would prompt 
expanded innovation. 
Consider, also, the boost to tourism. (Jerusalem, in a good year, gets about 
three million tourists. Florence gets ten million.) An improved tourism 
industry, as with industries like construction, retail, and food processing—
precisely those industries that a growing Palestinian state will need—
would translate to jobs for Israelis who live in parts of the country that are 
least like Singapore. 
Nor should the prospect of continuing conflict be considered a tolerable 
steady state. Even in the most high-tech industries, very few Israeli 
companies make consumer products like Waze's app. They tend, instead, to 
solve problems for other companies, which entails building relationships 
with product-development groups around the world. Venture capitalists 
worry that, should Israel become a political pariah, many global 
EFTA01189660
--- PAGE 38 ---
corporations—potential customers for their portfolio startups—would write 
off dealing with Israelis as just too much trouble. On the other hand, 
imagine Israeli businesses, with Palestinian partners, building customer 
networks in Saudi Arabia and the Emirates. 
That's why some of the very people Bob Simon interviewed for "60 
Minutes," including the high-tech guru Yossi Vardi, later organized a 
conference in Amman to push for peace, under the auspices of the World 
Economic Forum. "We come from the field, and we're feeling the 
pressure," one participant told Haaretz. "If we don't make progress toward 
a two-state solution, there will be negative developments for the Israeli 
economy. We're already noticing initial signs of this. The future of the 
Israeli economy will be in danger." 
EFTA01189661

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189662.pdf
----------------------------------------
Signed on  \SINIt.--\/ 
 2013. 
Mark A. Schaum, Esq. 
Attorney for Petitioner 
111
. 
I CERTIFY that a copy of this petition has been served on: 
Peggy S' 
Gary Siegal, 
by U.S. Mail, on November 1, 2013. 
Mark A. Schaum 
Attorney 
EFTA01189662

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189663.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, 
FLORIDA 
PROBATE DIVISION 
IN RE: ESTATE OF 
File No. 
ANNETTE SIEGAL 
502011CP001706XXXXSB 
Division IN' 
Deceased. 
PETITION TO EXTEND TIME FOR FIL NG FINAL 
ACCOUNTING AND PETITION FOR DISCHARGE 
Petitioner, Gary Siegal, alleges: 
1. 
Petitioner is the personal representative of the above estate. 
2. 
The status of the administration of this estate is that Petitioner is in the process of 
resolving legal disputes with his sister over their father's trust which impacts the assets of the 
estate. 
3. 
Petitioner cannot file a Final Accounting and Petition for Discharge within the time 
specified in Fla. Prob. R. 5.400 because: 
Petitioner is in the process of resolving legal disputes with his sister over their father's 
trust which impacts the assets of the estate. 
4. 
Petitioner estimates that it will be possible to file a Final Accounting and a Petition 
for Discharge on or before May I, 2014. 
5. 
The only persons, other than Petitioner, having an interest in this proceeding and their 
respective addresses are: 
Name 
Addces 
Peggy Siegal 
Gary Siegal, Trustee of 
The Annette Siegal Revocable Living Trust 
UAD 12162010 
Petitioner requests that an order be entered extending the time for filing the Final Accounting 
and Petition for Discharge until May 1, 2014. 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have read the foregoing, and the facts alleged are 
true, to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
EFTA01189663

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189664.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn  
To: 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Terrence 
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2013 21:24:59 +0000 
Attachments: SKMBT_C25313110616590.pdf 
I have attached bids of all Terrence work 
JEE mentioned he would like to review with Terrence 
Please advise when JEE would like to have that call 
Thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
From: Terrence Rabsatt 
Subject: Quotes 
Date: November 6, 2013 2:50:24 PM EST 
To: Richard Kahn
Hi I was checking if you, made contact with Mr Epstein for our talk. I'm going to be out of voice reach for the 
next 20 minutes. Let me know if you have a time arranged yet. 
Regards, 
Terrence Rabsatt 
Network Director 
Robust Caribbean Wifi 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: November 6, 2013 4:00:13 PM EST 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA01189664
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01189665

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Miriam Blemur" 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Steve Hanson 
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2013 21:42:28 +0000 
Attachments: DOC110613-11062013164003.pdf 
Miriam Blemur 
Assistant to Howard W. Muchnick 
Muchnick, Golieb & Golieb, 
Attorneys at Law 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To comply with certain U.S. Treasury regulations, we inform you that, unless expressly stated 
otherwise, any U.S. federal tax advice contained in this communication, including attachments, was not intended or written 
to be used, and cannot be used, by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding any penalties that may be imposed on such 
taxpayer by the Internal Revenue Service. In addition, if any such tax advice is used or referred to by other parties in 
promoting, marketing or recommending any partnership or other entity, investment plan or arrangement, then (i) the advice 
should be construed as written in connection with the promotion or marketing by others of the transaction(s) or matter(s) 
addressed in this communication and (ii) the taxpayer should seek advice based on the taxpayer's particular circumstances 
from an independent tax advisor. 
This transmittal is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information 
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this transmittal is not the 
intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the transmittal to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately. Thank you. 
EFTA01189666

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189667.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 07 Nov 2013 02:25:50 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189667

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189668.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
Date: Thu, 07 Nov 2013 02:26:08 +0000 
!aline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189668

--- SOURCE: 0502__EFTA01189669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0502
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01189669.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 07 Nov 2013 02:26:51 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA01189669
