METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\L.M. v. Epstein, 909-cv-81092 (S.D. Fla. 2009)
METADATA_FILENAME: 020-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 1 of 22
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN D1STR1CT OF FLORlDA 
Case No_ UNDER SEAL -ClV-MARRA 
EDWARD MORSE and CAROL 
MORSE, 
P!ai ntiffs. 
vs. 
JAN JONES lNTERNA Tl ON AL, 
INC. a/k/a ICON BY JAN JONES, 
Defcnda11t. 
I 
ORDER ON PLAINTIFFS' ORE TENDS 
MOTION TO SEIZE FURTHER ASSETS AND FOR OTHER RELIEF 
This cause can1e before the Court at hearing on March l 7, l 8, l 9 & 2D 2009, upon 
Plaintiffs', EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE (collectively "MORSE"), ore 1enus 
Motion to Seize further Assets and ore lem,s and subsequent written motions for other relief. 
The Court has carefully considered the oral argument of counsel, considered the evidence and 
witnesses presented at. the hearings and being otherwise fully advised in the premises; 
The COURT FINDS AND ORllERS AS FOLLOWS: 
l. Defendant. JAN JONES INTERNATIONAL, INC a/k/a [CON BY JAN JONES Blld anr 
and all other companies and/or other entities owned or controlled by JONES ("JONES"), 
are liable for compensatory damages to MORSE in an amount in excess of 
S2.000.000.00; 
2 Thal JONES is liable to MORSE for punitive damages for fraud, in, the amount of 
..... 
21,000,000_00 modified from prior order of tnis court finding liability of S3,000.000.00 
in p\lnitivc damages~ 
Pagel of6 
EXHIBIT :t 
·-

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 2 of 22
3. 1be Court specifically finds that JONES' flagrant fraudulent activity as demonstrated by 
clear and convincing evidence by counsel for Morse provides sufficient legal basis for an 
award of such punitive damages. The record on 1his matter shall be scaled but the record 
upon which this Court has relied shall be attached hereto for appellate purposes; 
4. That there is currently in excess of$ I 0,000,000.0Q of funds clearly belonging to JONES 
frozen in various banks in South Florida pursuant lo prior orders of this and other courts; 
S. That these fonds are not to be moved under any circumstances absent further order of this 
Court That movement of these funds shall be punishable by civil and criminal penalties; 
6. That these funds are specifically being held, pursuant to order of this Court, to fund the 
award of damages lo MORSE; 
7. That these courts have jurisdiction to ordm same; 
8. That in addiiion to the funds set forth in paragraph 4 above, based upon clear and 
convincing evidence presented by counsel for MORSE and counsel's expert witnesses, 
JONES has illcga!!y moved funds from the United States to the Cayman Islands in 
violation of federal law, for the purpose of secreting these assets; 
9. Thal the !RS has provided cornp~lent testimony in this regard clearly establishing 
ownership of these funds by JONES and clearly establishing a partial right of entitlement 
by the IRS lo a portion ofthes<, funds. Such liability shall be less than $5,000,000.00; 
10. Toa, this Court has jurisdiction over said assets as they originated in the United States; 
J l. Tho! the treaties between the United States and the Cayman Islands and related 
gc,vernmcnts clearly establishes 1he right of the United States to seize such assets. That 
counsel for MORSE has facilitaled the conmct betwc,;:n the relative govemments and as a 
Page 2 of6 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 3 of 22
result this Court has tcceived dear and convincing evidence that such funds will be 
immediately transfor:red to the United States; 
l2- That the Clerk of Court is hereby directed to immediately submit the proper 
documentation lo the appropriate bank of the Cayman Islands to facilitate immediate 
trnnsfer of these funds, That any issue arising frorn such transfer shall be immediately 
reported to this Court; 
13, That the evidence presented by counsel for JONF.S was inadequate to overcome the 
findinos made bv this court based upon the evidence presented by counsel for MORSE. 
~ 
. 
That counsel for JONES is hereby is found to have acted in contumacious disregard for 
prior orders of this and other courts and thus, is found to be in contempt thereof. Further 
order regarding same shall follow the evidentiary hearing in this regard 10 be set by this 
Court; 
!4. That MORSE shall be entitled to one-third of any monies collected from counsel for 
JOli-lES pursuant to said contempt order, if monies a:re assessed: 
l 5. That this Court has entered an order freezing said assets and has the authority to do so; 
16, That JONES' counsel's arguments that this Court lacks such jurisdiction is without merit 
nnd frivolous; 
17. That the presentation of such evidence by counsel for JONES demonstraccs a lack of a 
good faith basis to prevent same in violation of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure, l I; 
18. That MORSE has demonstrated by clear and convincing evidence, ownership of these 
funds bj,- JONES, that said funds are hereby frozen and not subject to any activity by 
JONES or any agent of JONES whether situated here or in the United States: 
Page 3 of6 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 4 of 22
!9. That these funds shall be frozen for the purpose of smisfying the judgment of this Cou11 
again.st JONES and in MORSE's favor; 
20. Thal MORSE shall be required to deposit to their attorney's trust account the sum of 
$15,000,000.00 no later than 10:00 a.m. tomorrow morning, tbe20"' day of March, 2009, 
to secure JONES in the event of an illegal seizure of said fullds. If such firnds arc not so 
pnst\ld, this order shall be null and void in its entirety and the case shall proceed 
according to further order of this Court; 
21. That coUllSel for MORSE shall appear before this Coun and testify, under oath. as to his 
recelpt of these funds, under penalty of perjury and subject to action by the Florida Bar; 
22. That. based upon argument and representations of MORSE's counsel, made under oath, 
MORSE is suffering from significant financial dtstress due to the economy and that such 
a posting could cause severe and irreparable harm to MORSE; thus, as swil\ly as 
possible, in a manner that does not interfere with the mission of the federal agencies now 
herewith involved, however, with the full and unfettered cooperation of the federal 
agencies now involved in this matter, following the posting by Morse of $15,000,000.00 
associated wi1h the seizme of the funds located in the Caymans, all other bond umounts 
shall be returned to MORSE as follows: $15,000,000.00 previously posted by MORSE, 
$4.118,757.00 previously posted by MORSE, and the $18,500,000_00 posted in two 
sepa;ate postings by MORSE. MORSE"s counsel shall act as liason between his clients· 
and l!he federal agencies lo expedite return of the funds. Should there be any unnecessary 
delay in such return of funds, Counsel for MORSE shall appear before this Court on an 
emergency basis ro seek whatever assistance is required, and such assistance shall not bt 
unreasonably withheld. The Clerk of the Courts is ordered to take all steps necessary to 
Page 4 of 6 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 5 of 22
assist counsel in ex:pediting return of the ·runds to MORSE in a timely and expedited 
fashion; 
23. Further, within three (3) business days of the Clerk's receipt of said funds hcrev.itb being 
transferred from the Cayman Islands in compliance with this order, said amount being 
appro){imately $20,000,000.00, shall notify this Court of same so that this Court can issue 
an order as to the division of said funds. Within five (5) business days of such order 
di,,iding same, that portion belonging to MORSE shall be delivered to them via their 
counsel; 
24. The Court finds that JONES has waived its right to appeal the order of interest and 
pemµties based UpDn the doctrine of fraud in the inducement. lbe coun finds that JONES 
is not entitled to equitable relief of any kind based upon the fact the doctrine that he who 
sc-ek~ equity must do equity. 
JONES has unclean hands and thus can not recover 
anything from MORSE: 
25. Thm this Court has jurisdiction over the Court currently hearing the mlllwr known as 
MIZNER, referred 10 in 1hc Court record by number and hercal\er referred to as 
MIZNER: 
26. That this Court orders the Court below (MIZNER) to release any and all bond funds held 
purs'uant to prior order of that court within three (3) business days of the entry of this 
order. Counsel for MORSE shall facilitate same and insure that srune occurs. Should 
there be a delay, counsel for MORSE shall appear before lhis Court on an emergency 
basis ro,d seek whatever assistance is needed to achieve the established objectives; 
27. Counsel for the parties are instructed to insure that all deadlines in this Order are satisfied 
in a timely fashion, subject to further order of this Court; 
Page 5 of6 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 6 of 22
28. That bo1h lhe Federal Court of the Southem District of Florida and this Court have 
concurrent jurisdiction over these matters and same may be enforced in either venue; and 
29. That pursuant to the Bank Secrecy Act as amended on October 21, 2008, The Freedom of 
lnfo~ation Act, The United States Patriot Act 11, The Currency and Foreign Transaction 
Repor,ting Act of 1970 as amended on November 11, 2006, USC 5311-5300, the USA 
Patriol Act, Title !Il Md the judgment of this Court based upon information received 
under oath, this Order, the facts of and amounts contained herein, the findings hereof, and 
any and all other matters surrounding same shall be held in strict confidence so as not to 
jeopardize any potential investigation by die appropriate governmental agencies. 
Violation of this portion of this order shall result in civil and criminal penalties. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 
25th day of March, 2009. 
Copies to; 
All counsel of record 
IRS, Plantation Office 
FBI, Miami Office 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge ' 
I ' 
• 
Pag;e 6 of 6 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 7 of 22
UNITED STATES DiSTRJCf COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRlCT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. U~NDER SEAL -C!V-MARRA 
EDWARD MORSE 2nd CAROi, 
MORSE. 
Plaintiffs, 
JAN JONES INTER}JATIONAL, 
INC a/k/a ICON BY JAN JONES, 
Defendan1. 
i 
-----------------
STIPULATED CONFIDENTIALITY ORDER 
I. On March 24, 2009, this Court entered a detailed Order with regard to its Final Findings 
u1 this mal1er ("Final Order"). 
2. As a direct result of the nature of a significant amount of the evidence presented to this 
Court prior to the Court entering its Final Order, and as a result of the contents of that 
Final Order, trus Court has made a derennination that the Final Order itself as well as the 
evidence leading to same shall be sealed and shall remain confidential, in perpetuity, 
unless othef'vise ordered by this Cour1 or another court of competent jurisdiction as 
derailed in this Confidentiality Order. 
AH pctriles [O this t!larter, including all \.vitnesses Lhereto, aie hereby bound by this 
Conr;dentiality Order. 
4 Anv failure to comply v,ith this Confidentiality Order by any parly or witness shall resuli 
in se1ere consequnces. including. without limitation, civil and criminal penalties. 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 8 of 22
5 Any breach of rhts Conlidentiality Order must be reponed to the Court, immediately hy 
the discovering party_ Failure to so report same shall result tr1 severe consequences, 
including, without [imitation, civil and criminal penalties. 
6_ The Final Order of this courr dated March 24 .. 2009 shall be made a part hereof, and shall 
be incorporated by reference herein. 
7 _ Any failure to comply with this Confidentiality Order or Final Order, must be reported to 
this court, under seal, and such non compliance shall result in severe consequences to the 
breaching party_ 
g_ All information relating this Court's Final Order to which any party is given access or 
which is made available to any party is hereinafter referred to as "Confidential 
Information." Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, all methods and 
systems used in this case, names and addresses of customers, technical memoranda, 
research reports, investigative reports, analyses of any part of this case, all data, 
documents, and technology, contracts, depositions, notes of depositions, clients notes, 
clients diaries, lawyers notes, court notes, court orders preceding this order, pleading, all 
discovery, all email or other electronic communications between any and all parties, 
wimesses, lawyers, andior other participating in any way in this matter, proprietary 
infomwtion, historical and projected financial information, acts of fraud, information 
relating to transfer of funds fraudulent or otherwise, posting of bonds, return of bonds, 
attorneys fees_ operating data and organizational strnctures, now or hereafter existing or 
previously deveioped or acquired. regardless of whether any such iDfom1ation_ data or 
documents qualif} as --trade secrets" under applicable la", any and all other information 
related to this or any other related marrer (collective!,_ the "Confidential Information--!. 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 9 of 22
3ecause the secrt:cy of the Confitle11tia! Int:Jrmation ls critical co this court and its further 
proceedings which shall also remain coniidential until brought public, the parties and 
witnesses hereto acknowledge and agree that the Confidential Information shall, at all 
rimes, be kept in strict confidence by the party and/or witness and same shall not, directly 
or inc;!irectly, during or after the entry of this order and its execution, except as required 
by law, with the prior written consent of this court, (a) disclose to any person or entity 
any Confidential Information without the express written consent of this court which may 
be withheld in its sole discretion, or (b) use any Confidential Information for the parties 
own benefit or any other purposes, for the benefit or purposes of any other person or 
entity or in any manner, whatsoever. If the party or witness is required in any civil or 
crimh1al legal proceeding, regulatory proceeding or any similar process to disclose any 
part of the Confidential lnfonnation, such party shall give prompt notice of such request 
to the Court and Lhe Court shall enter an order as it deems appropriate. Nothing shall be 
disclosed without same. 
9. All Confidential lnformation, including, without limitation, all copies of all documents 
and other materials which the parties have received or reviewed or otherwise have 
knowledge of, shall, at all times, be kept in strict confidence by the party. 
1 O. The parties have been advised and fully understand the heightened confidentiality 
requirements relative to this matter, including, among other things, the legal obligations 
of hw1yers to maintain their confidentiality obligations to clients and the parties legal 
obligation to maintain tile confidemiality set ti:mh in this order. Clients are restricted from 
discussing this m2ttcr with any individual or entity other tha11 their respective counsd of 
record in this matter. The parties have indicated that the) . as a resull of this action. ha," 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 10 of 22
access cu ccri:ain Confidcmial [nforrnation. as defined herein. By execurion of this order, 
the parties recognize, acknowledge and confirm their understanding of the confide11tia! 
11atu,:e of the Confidential [nforrnation and the da,-nage that would result if any of the 
Confidential lnforrnation is disclosed to any Person. and the parties understand their 
obligation to this court and the fact that this court has jurisdiction over them upon 
execution of this document by their consent thereto. 
l l. Further, because disclosure of any Confidential lnformation as defined herein would 
result in severe damage as contemplated by this Court, which would be difficult to 
quantify, the parties agree that liquidated damages would be a reasonable basis to 
calculate civil damages caused by a breach and that damages of$1,000,000.00 per each 
incident of disclosure of Confidential Information by the parties and/or their 
representatives is agreed to under this Confidentiality Order. Such liquidated damages 
shall not prevent this Court from assessing additi.onal damages and from moving forward 
in a criminal proceeding agairLst the party so breaching this Confidentiality Order. 
12. Each party hereby represents and warrants that they are not bound by the terms of a 
confidentiality agreement or other agreement with any third party that would conflict 
with IDY of the parties· obligations under this Confidentiality Order. 
13. The Parties stipulate that this Stipulated Confidentiality Order is intended to strictly limit 
and prevent disclosure of information and production of documents compromising the 
Confidential Information set forth herein and in the final Order dated March 24 2009. 
I 4. It is further acknowledged that each parry may be held responsible for any failure on his 
or her part ro comply v,ith the provisions ot· the Confidenrialiry Order, and agrees to 
Page 4 of 15 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 11 of 22
;:.:l:IJeCt h1mseif or herself lo the jurisdiction or this coun t"or the purpose of enforcing this 
Cot,ifidemia!ity Order. 
l 5. Toe restrictions set fotih m this Confidentiality Order shall apply to any and all 
documents or other information, whatsoever, designated as "CONFIDENTlAL" by this 
Court. All information shall be deemed confidential and the parties agree to exercise 
extreme discretion in protecting same. The Court hereby warns all parties hereto to err on 
the side of protecting such data. Violation of this order will be dealt with immediately 
and -subject the violator to severe sanctions and penalties. 
16. This Agreement shalt be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective agents, 
successors and assigns, and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective 
successors and assigns. 
17. Toe parties warrant to each other that they each have full power and authority to execute 
this Agreement for and on behalf of themselves and/or their respective companies. 
Parties, as used herein, shall include all persons executing this document as well as their 
representatives, agents and assigns. 
18. Each party placing their signature hereon makes the following attestation: 
I certify and acknowledge, under penalty of perjury, that l have received a copy of the 
Stipulated Cc,nfidentiality Order (the ·'Confidentiality Order") which governs the 
production and use of confidential documents and information produced by the 
Parties (as defined in the Order) or third parties in this case. I have read and 
u1;derstand th<=- Order and l hereb, acknow!ed1<e that l am bound bv it and aoree to 
., 
~ 
~ 
;:;:, 
abide by it l fi.trther understand that information designated as "CONFlDENTlc\L •• 
in this case. and an: nutes, mc:f11oranda or other fom, of information derived from ir. 
Page 5 of l) 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 12 of 22
tml;' n.or be used, copied or dl:;dosec: by me to anyone e\se except m strict accordance 
wrth the order and then only for the prosecutiot1 and defense of this litigation upon 
proper court order. 
[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGES! 
Pa°'e 6 or 15 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 13 of 22
---/ /· 
J,i/ 
. . I 
STA TE 1~.,_,e::--,_,c._d-tt,.., 
COUNTY oii-.c-'J,cr::--Vt. 
BEFORE ME, tl1e undersigned authority, personally appeared EDWARD J. MORSE who, after 
being duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he has read the foregoing document and that it is 
true and correq under penalty of perjury. 
SWO~ AND SUBSCRIBED before me thii] day o(lz-'0_,,c/J 2009. 
COMMISSION NUMBER/EXPlRATIONJSEAL 
Pa~ . .! 7 of l 5 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 14 of 22
United States Coun of Appeals, 
Eleventh Circuit. 
Under Seal-Civ-Marra. 
EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, Plaintiffs-Appellants, 
v. 
JAN JONES INTE;RNA TIONAL, INC. a/k/a ICON BY JAN JONES, Defendant-Appellee. 
In re EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MOR.SE, Petitioners. 
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Under Seal-
Civ-Marra), Kenneth A. Marra, Judge. 
PETITIONERS' MOTION FOR EMERGENCY WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
Petitioners, EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, file this, their Motion for Emergency Writ of Mandamus and would state as follows: 
l. 
This matter is before this Honorable Court on an Emergency Writ of Mandamus. 
2. 
This matter and the entire file below have been presented to the court as SEALED 
pursuant to prior order of the Court below. 
3. 
This matter is pending before the Honorable United States District Court Judge, 
Kenneth Marra. 
4. 
On March 25, 2009 and on April 23, 2009, Judge Marra entered detailed orders 
in this matter, copies of which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 
5. 
As set forth in the Orders, Judge Marra ordered that cert,ain specific acts take 
place on certain specific dates. Many of these acts involved return of a large sum of money to the 
Plaintiffs. 
1 
ROTHSTEIN ROSE:,'1'£U)T ADLER 
L1.S Ola.s City Centre, ,Wl E, Las Olas Boulc\.wd, Suite 16501 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 15 of 22
6. 
Upon receipt of the orders, the undersigned began to put into place all actions 
·necessary to timely comply with·said orders. 
7. 
In hearings held subsequent to the entry of these orders, it became abundantly 
clear to the undersigned that Judge Marra was in some way uncomfortable with his orders and 
was either staying th\l orders or reversing his prior decisions by vacating the orders. 
8. 
Howe:ver, despite continuous inquiry by the undersigned, counsel was unable to 
determine what Judge Marra intended to do and how he intended to proceed. 
9. 
A thorough review of the record below which is available to this Court under seal 
clearly indicates that the undersigned, as counsel for the plaintiff had significant basis for 
concern based upon comments and ore tenus rulings made by Judge Marra in the court below. 
I 0. 
Most importantly, as can be seen by the sealed record now before this court, when 
the undersigned spei;ifically inquired of the Court as to whether he was permitted to move 
forward with the on:jers entered on M~h 25th and April 23ro , the courts responses to the 
undersigned are non-descriptive and completely without guidance at best. 
. 
. 
11. 
Wben the undersigned inquired of the court below further and specifically asked 
the court whether the orders were stayed, vacated, reversed or in full force and effect, the court 
clearly replied that the. court believes it had made itself clear. 
12. 
Not wanting to viol.ate a court order of a respected district court judge, the 
under~igned detennined that" the only course of conduct rem~g in order to protect his clients' 
rights was to file an Emergency Writ of Mandamus with this court 
13. 
ft is the position of the Plaintiffs that they have a clear and unwavering legal right 
to the relief awarded them in the courts orders as set forth herein. 
2 
ROTHSTEIN" ROSENFELDT 1\.D1.£R 
L.-u Olas City Centre, 40LE. Las Obs Btmlcv;,rd. Suite t650, Fort Lauderd:tlc, Florida 333-0 l 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 16 of 22
14. 
Moreover, it is without doubt that the undersigned bad every right to be concerned 
with the ore tenus rulings of the court bel9w which post c!JJ,ted the orders in question. 
15. 
As an officer of the court, the undersigned has a direct responsibility to zealously 
protect the rights of his client. And, as an officer of the court, the undersigned has il direct 
responsibility to fully and completely obey the orders of court and when, he is given reason to 
doubt the efficacy of subsequent orders of court that appear to taint the order in question, to 
attempt to ascertain the validity of said order. That is exactly what the undersigned has done 
here. 
16. 
Upon determining that the validity of the orders in question were in doubt, and 
upon detennining that he could not proceed without further order of a higher cou,t, this 
Emergency Writ was filed. 
17. 
Plaintifls have a clear legal right to the relief specifically set forth in the or,lers in 
question. 
I 8. 
The court below had an indisputable duty to act but failed to do so and failed to 
given the undersigned any guidance. 
. 
~ '' 
19. 
At this stage in the proceedings, the Plaintiffs have no other remedy at Jaw other 
than this Writ. 
20. 
1f this writ is not entered in Plaintiffs favor, the Plaintiffs will suffer unfair 
prejudice as a matte, of law. 
Do,ol tln,t a,,y ,f cs , 
I \.
1 
, 2009. 
3 
ROTHSTEIN ROSE.'lF£1..DT ADLt:R 
lM Olas City Cmtre, 40!E. Las O\:J.s Bouk:vam, Suite 1630. fort buderdak, F1ori<:b333QI 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 17 of 22
Respectfully submitted, 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Counsel for Petitioners 
Las Olas City Centre 
401 E. Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: 
(954) 522-3456 
Fax: 
(954) 527-8663 
Email: sr t 
ein rra0 
By:_-"l'itf-ti:c--'=--:'---:--------
. Rothstein, Esq. 
Florida Bar No.: 765880 
FOR THE FIRM 
ROTH.STEIN ROSl'NFELDT ADLER 
Las Ola< Cit}' Centre. 40lE. L;,s Ola< Boulevard, Suite 1650, fot1 Lauderdale, Florida 3330 l 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 18 of 22
United Srates Court of Appeals, 
Eleventh Circuit. 
Under Seal-Civ-Marra. 
EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, Plaintiffs-Appellants, 
v. 
JAN JONES INTERNATIONAL, INC. a/k/a ICON BY JAN JONES, Defendant-
Appellee. 
In re EDWARD MORSE and CAROL MORSE, Petitioners. 
August 13, 2009. 
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Under 
Seal-Civ-Marra), Kenneth A. Marra, Judge. 
On Petition for Writ of Mandamus. 
Before Susan H. Black, Circuit Judge: 
ORDER ON EMERGENCY WRIT OF MANDAMUS 
Having reviewed. the sealed court file as provided by the Clerk of the Court below 
(Judge Marra), and having heard argument of counsel in closed proceedings to maintain 
the integrity of the confidentiality order issued in this matter by the Court below, as well 
as having heard directly from Judge Marra and Judge Gerber, we find as follows: 
Findings or Fact 
I. 
The Court below entered orders on March 25, 2009 and April 23, 2009, 
specifying that certain specific act; were to bke place on certain specific dates. Many of 
these, actions invvlved return of funds rightfully belonging to the Piainti ffs. 
---------·------------

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 19 of 22
2. 
Subsequent to the entry of same, Judge Marra, despite his rulings to the 
contrary, made multiple ore tenus rulings on the record which gave counsel for Plaintiff 
clear room for pause in following said orders. 
3. 
In multiple subsequent hearings, Plaintiffs counsel clearly attempted to 
ascertain whether the orders stood as entered or whether they had been reversed or 
stayed. Based upon our full and complete review of the record it became clear that Judge 
Marra had no intention of proceeding as he previously ordered and was either reversing 
or staying his prior orders as set forth above. Whichever his intention is not for this Court 
to decide. We simply review this matter as it is presented to us, to wit; lawful orders were 
• entered and then Vacated or stayed for no clear and convincing reason and without a 
stated basis in law or fact. We make no finding whether Judge Marra was correct in his 
conclusion, but simply that the record lacked the thoroughness and completeness that is 
mandated when reversing orders of this lllJlgnitude. 
4. 
Thus, we find that counsel for Plaintiff properly and timely filed a sealed 
Emergency Writ of Mandamus with this Court in an attempt to properly protect his 
clients rights under the order. 
Conclusions of Law 
l. 
This Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to tl,e laws 
conlTO!ling Writs of Mandamus 
2. 
This matter is properly before this court 
3. 
The findings of Judge Marra in the court below, in the orders dated March 
25 and Apr:! 23, 2009, are well based in fact and law. 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 20 of 22
4. 
The subsequent ore tenus rulings of Judge Marra are without basis in law 
or fact. 
5. 
The subsequent ore tenus rulings by Judge Marra fail to provide a 
sufficient record, as mandated by the rules of court, to allow this court to enter a ruling as 
to whether Judge M?JTa had the legal right to stay or reverse his prior order. 
6. 
Plaintiffs writ of mandamus is legally sufficient to allow this court to 
rule in full on all matters pending before it. 
Thus, we as a Court with jurisdiction over this matter find as follows: 
7. 
Judge Marra's prior orders are hereby reinstated and remain in full force 
and effect. To the extent that the later order conflicts with the earlier order, the later order 
shall prevail and control. 
8. 
Judge Marra's concerns regarding protection of the Governments role in 
this matter are wen founded in both law and fact. We specifically defer furiher comroent 
on this portion of th.is matter to maintain the integrity of the governments investigation. 
9. 
As a matter of procedure we note that a confidentiality order remains in 
full force and effect l1i this matter. We specifically mandate that our rulings herein shall 
have no effect, whatsoever, on said order and th.at same shall remain in full force and 
effect in perpetuity. We again strongly caution all counsel and mandate that they caution 
and counsel their respect,ve clients that this matter is governed by a strict confidentiality 
order that th..is court hereby holds shall remain in foil force and effect and which this court 
si:rongl:f cautions, contains severe prnalt:es for any violation of same. 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 21 of 22
l 0. 
This order and the complete sealed record shall be forwarded to the 
Department of Treasury, forthwith. The clerk of this court is ordered to expedite same. 
Sealed instructions shall be provided by this court to the Clerk. 
l 1. 
The Department of Treasu.ry is ordered to expeditiously review the 
malerials and then, upon completion of same, shall immediately send a letter to this court 
advising that such teview is complete and that they require nothing further from this 
court. Upon receipt of same, the clerk of this court shall advise Plaintiffs counsel that bis 
Writ has been granted in full and that be is free to comply fully and completely with 
Judge Marra's orders. A copy of this order shall fuen be provided to all counsel of record. 
12. 
This order shall not be fumished to any counsel of record until such time 
as the Department of Treasury has. completed its review of the sealed record and has 
forwarded said letter as mandated above th.is court. Th.is order is self executing and thus, 
nothing need be brought back before this court on any of these issues. 
13. 
PlaintiJfs have a clear legal right to the remedies they are seeking. 
14. 
The court below had an indisputable duty to act bul failed to lo do so. 
15. 
The pl;iintiffs have no other remedy available to tilem in law or equity. 
16. 
If this court does not act, the plaintiffs will suffer irreparable hann and 
unfair prejudice. 
DONE A.ND ORDERED in Chambers, at Atlanta, Georgia, this f3 day of 
August, 2009. 
Copies ro: 
IRS, Plantal:ion Offict 
inited States A 'e ale Court Judge 
United Sto,es Collf1 of Appeals 
Eleventh Circuit 

Case 9:09-cv-81092-KAM   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/16/2010   Page 22 of 22
FBI, Miami Office 
U.S. Dept ofTrca.sury, Washington, D.C. 
Clerk of Court, United States District Court 
