METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\State of Florida v. Epstein, No. 50-2008-CF-009381-AXXX-MB (Fla. 15th Cir. Ct. 2008)
METADATA_FILENAME: 088.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
FLORIDA 
DEPARTMENT of 
CORRECTIONS 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 
2601 Blair Stone Road Tallahassee, FL 32399-2500 
Date: 7/21/2010 
Mr. Epstein 
358 El Brillio Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Dear Mr. Epstein 
Governor 
CHARLIE CRIST 
Secretary 
JAMES R. McDONOUGH. 
http://www.dc.state.tl.us 
RE: 
TERMINATION OF SUPERVISION 
DC#W35755 
DOCKET/UC NO(S) 502008CF009381AXXX 
You are hereby notified that you have completed your term( s) of supervision, as referenced above, and are no 
longer under the supervision of the Department of Corrections. 
If you were adjudicated guilty of a felony offense, your name will be submitted to the Florida Parole Commission 
for consideration for restoration of the civil rights that you lost as a result of your felony conviction (right to vote, 
right to hold public office, and the right to serve on a jury). If your rights are restored, a certificate ofrestoration of 
civil rights will be mailed by the Office of Executive Clemency to your last mailing address of record usually within 
one year following the termination of supervision. If your rights are not restored through this initial referral, you 
will be notified by the Florida Parole Commission and furnished an additional application for submission for 
restoration of civil rights with a hearing. If you have any questions about your civil rights, you may contact the 
Office of Executive Clemency for further information by calling (850) 488-2952 or by writing to that office at 
Florida Parole Commission, 2601 Blair Stone Road, Building C, Tallahassee, Florida 32399-2450. Information and 
application forms may be accessed through the following web site: www.state.fl.us/fpc/exclem.html. 
After eight (8) years from termination of your supervision, you may apply to regain your right to own firearms. 
Applications can be obtained from the Office of Executive Clemency or be accessed by the web site noted above. 
If adjudication was withheld, you did not lose your civil rights, however, the Florida Department of Law 
Enforcement (FDLE) may refuse the right for you to purchase a firearm following successful completion of 
supervision, pursuant to Section 790.065 Florida Statutes. Contact your local FDLE office if you have questions 
regarding this law. 
I would I" 
Candice Elkins 
[gl 
If you were on supervision for a sexual offense, attached is a copy of the Notice of Responsibilities, which 
outlines your continued responsibilities in accordance with Florida Statutes. 
D 
If you were sentenced as a career offender, attached is a copy of the Career Offender Notice of 
Responsibilities, which outlines your continued responsibilities in accordance with Florida Statutes. 
Original: Offender 
Copy: 
Offender File 
Florida Parole Commission (if applicable) 
Clerk of Court (if required) 
(Revised 03/03) 
