METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.02 Memorandum Of Law.pdf
----------------------------------------
 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
 
CO-EXECUTORS’ SUPPLEMENTAL BRIEF  
IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO DISMISS 
 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and 
on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”), an entity administered in probate by the Co-
Executors as part of the Estate, respectfully submit this Supplemental Brief in further support of 
their Motion to Dismiss the Complaint filed in this action on May 1, 2020 (the “Motion to 
Dismiss”) and in accordance with this Court’s direction during the March 9, 2022 status 
conference in this matter.  
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
As the Co-Executors demonstrated in their Reply Brief in Support of the Motion to 
Dismiss filed in this action on September 28, 2020 (the “Reply”), courts around the country hold 
that indemnification for individuals convicted of criminal behavior violates public policy 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
August 01, 2022 04:45 eM 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
 
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 2 
 
because it would promote illegality and allow wrongdoers to cause intentional injury with 
impunity.  (Reply at 3-4, n.2.)  Courts should not encourage intentional criminal wrongdoing by 
allowing a party to escape all financial consequences for those acts.  
Here, it is indisputable that the suits, proceedings and investigations for which Plaintiff 
Ghislaine Maxwell demands that Defendants indemnify her are all predicated on Maxwell’s own 
intentional criminal actions.  (See Motion to Dismiss at 3-4, n.3 (describing the basis of civil 
suits against Maxwell, each of which was premised on intentional abusive actions by Maxwell 
herself); Reply at 3 n.1 and Ex. D (describing and attaching Maxwell’s criminal indictment in the 
Southern District of New York).)  On December 29, 2021, a jury in the United States District 
Court for the Southern District of New York found Maxwell guilty of multiple counts of criminal 
activity; on June 29, 2022, Judge Alison Nathan entered judgment against Maxwell for 
conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, transportation of 
a minor with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity and sex trafficking of an individual 
under the age of eighteen.1  For these felonies, Judge Nathan sentenced Maxwell to 20 years in 
prison followed by five years of supervised release, and ordered Maxwell to pay a fine of 
$750,000.  During sentencing, Judge Nathan rejected Maxwell’s argument that she was being 
 
1. See Judgment, USA v. Maxwell, No. 20-CR-00330 (S.D.N.Y. Jun. 29, 2022), ECF No. 696.  Judge Nathan 
dismissed two of five counts for which the jury found Maxwell guilty as multiplicative and the Government 
agreed to dismiss two perjury counts against Maxwell that Judge Nathan previously severed from the 
determination of the counts considered by the jury.  Id.; see also Joint Letter, USA v. Maxwell,   (S.D.N.Y. Jan. 
10, 2022), ECF No. 574 (“In the event the defendant’s post-trial motions are denied, the Government is 
prepared to dismiss the severed perjury counts at the time of sentencing, in light of the victims’ significant 
interests in bringing closure to this matter and avoiding the trauma of testifying again.”). 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
 
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 3 
 
punished for Mr. Epstein’s actions, stating “Miss Maxwell is not punished in place of Epstein . . . 
Miss Maxwell is being punished for the role that she played.”2   
The Court should not allow individuals (here, Maxwell) convicted of criminal acts of 
sexual violence against minors to escape the financial consequences of their actions.  Because 
indemnification in this situation is contrary to public policy, and for the reasons set forth in the 
Motion to Dismiss and Reply, the Court should dismiss Maxwell’s claims.3  
ARGUMENT 
I. 
Public Policy Bars Maxwell’s Claims for Indemnification Based on Contract. 
As the Court has recognized, “an agreement is against public policy if it is injurious to 
the interests of the public . . . . The Court has a duty to refuse to enforce a contract that is 
contrary to public policy and tends to injure the public good.”  Berne Corp. v. Government of the 
Virgin Islands, 46 V.I. 106, 115 (Super. Ct. 2004); see also Gourmet Gallery Crown Bay, Inc. v. 
Crown Bay Marina, L.P., 68 V.I. 584, 601-02 (V.I. 2018) (affirming Superior Court’s 
determination that “rigid enforcement of private agreements that threaten the interests of third 
parties . . . is against public policy.”).   
Applying this principle to indemnification agreements, courts across the country—
including in New York, the situs of the underlying civil and criminal actions against Maxwell—
 
2. See Lauren Del Valle, Ghislaine Maxwell’s Attorneys Appeal her Federal Conviction and Sentence, CNN (July 
8, 2022), https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/08/us/ghislaine-maxwell-appeal/index.html.  The transcript from 
Maxwell’s June 28, 2022 sentencing hearing is not yet publicly available on the docket.  See Transcript, USA v. 
Maxwell, No. 20-CR-00330 (S.D.N.Y. Jul. 22, 2022), ECF No. 737 (docket text setting August 12, 2022 
deadline for transcription redaction requests and indicating that transcript will be available through PACER on 
October 20, 2022).  
3. The NES Operating Agreement (as that term is defined in the Motion to Dismiss) expressly forbids 
indemnification of Maxwell for claims that are “the result of fraud, gross negligence, or reckless or intentional 
misconduct.”  (NES Operating Agreement Section VI.B.1, at pp. 5-6.)  As further detailed in the Motion to 
Dismiss and Reply, the Court should dismiss Maxwell’s claim for indemnification under the NES Operating 
Agreement based on the terms of that Agreement. 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
 
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 4 
 
routinely hold that contractual indemnification for those found guilty of intentional criminal 
wrongdoing is unenforceable as against public policy because it would promote illegality and 
allow a wrongdoer to cause criminal injury with impunity.  See, e.g., Homesite Ins. Co. of the 
Midwest v. Frost, No. CV 20-00024-M-DLC, 2020 WL 5369847, at *5 (D. Mont. Sept. 8, 2020) 
(“in Montana there is an unmistakable public policy against . . . indemnification for criminal 
acts.”); CSX Transp., Inc. v. Gen. Mills, Inc., No. 1:14-CV-201-TWT, 2019 BL 223294, at *11 
(N.D. Ga. Jun. 14, 2019) (“if the Plaintiff is ultimately found to have been criminally negligent, 
then public policy would preclude indemnification.”); Utica First Ins. Co. v. Maclean, No. 
CIV.A. 08-1138, 2009 WL 415988, at *4 (E.D. Pa. Feb. 19, 2009) (“[r]equiring an insurance 
company to defend or indemnify its insured for . . . criminal acts would also violate public policy 
in Pennsylvania.”); BDO Seidman, LLP v. Harris, 379 Ill. App. 3d 918, 925 (Ill. App. Ct. 2008) 
(“[t]aken together, the stipulation of facts pursuant to the PTD agreement shows that plaintiff 
engaged in conduct which constituted misprision of felony by knowingly concealing the felony 
fraud of its client, SBU.  Under New York public policy. . . indemnification for such criminal 
conduct is barred by public policy.”); Equitex, Inc. v. Ungar, 60 P.3d 746, 750 (Colo. App. 2002) 
(“[p]ublic policy prohibits indemnifying a party for damages resulting from intentional or willful 
wrongful acts.”) (internal quotation marks omitted).  See, e.g., 42 C.J.S. Indemnity § 8 (“a 
contract or bond by which one party undertakes to indemnify the other against the consequences 
of an illegal act is generally held illegal and void.”).  And Virgin Islands statutory law regarding 
indemnification likewise indicates that indemnification for willful or wanton acts is 
inappropriate.  10 V.I.C. § 101 (providing for indemnification of law enforcement officers 
unless, inter alia, the officer seeks indemnification for “any willful or wanton act”).  

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
 
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 5 
 
The Court should follow the holdings of Virgin Islands courts, the great majority of 
courts in other jurisdictions and legal treatises to find that public policy requires rejection of 
contractual indemnification for claims or expenses arising from Maxwell’s criminal actions here.  
To hold otherwise would be to encourage individuals like Maxwell ― a convicted felon ― to 
engage in crimes victimizing minors with the knowledge that they can offload to others the 
financial repercussions of their actions and are entitled to incur whatever costs they deem 
necessary in order to hide from criminal or other repercussions.4   
II. 
Public Policy Also Bars Maxwell’s Claims for Promissory Estoppel or Common 
Law Indemnification.  
The public policy concerns that bar enforcement of contractual indemnification for those 
found guilty of intentional criminal acts apply with equal force to common law indemnification 
or indemnification based on promissory estoppel.  Both of these doctrines arise in equity and are 
based on concepts of restitution and unjust enrichment.  See, e.g., Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 
66 V.I. 23, 46 (Super. Ct. 2017) (“[t]he right to indemnity . . . is a common law equitable remedy 
. . . .”); Appleton v. Harrigan, No. ST-10-CV-275, 2012 WL 13219651, at *5 (Sup. Ct. Dec. 6, 
2012) (“[l]ike a claim of unjust enrichment, promissory estoppel is an equitable remedy.”).  
Equity does not condone a criminal actor receiving financial immunity from the consequences of 
her crimes.  Indemnification based on either promissory estoppel or common law is not viable 
 
4. The few cases suggesting that contractual indemnification for intentional wrongdoing may be possible are 
readily distinguishable from the situation here, with such cases generally both requiring provisions that clearly 
and unambiguously express the indemnitor’s intention to provide indemnity for intentional acts and involving 
situations where the indemnified party’s actions could not be proven to be intentional, much less criminal.  See, 
e.g., Gibbs-Alfano v. Burton, 281 F.3d 12, 22-23 (2d Cir. 2002) (acknowledging that contractual 
indemnification for intentional acts is unenforceable, but finding that the indemnification clause in question was 
enforceable because there was no finding or factually strong suggestion that the indemnified party’s actions 
were intentional).  Here, Maxwell does not allege any contractual provisions that clearly and unambiguously 
call for indemnification of intentional or criminal acts and, as discussed further in the Motion to Dismiss, the 
Reply and by the New York court handling the criminal case against Maxwell, the allegations against Maxwell 
are based on her own intentional criminal actions. 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
 
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 6 
 
(and violates public policy) where, as here, the indemnitee has been convicted of an intentional 
criminal act.  Courts cannot enforce a judgment upholding a[n] agreement in law or in equity that 
is against public policy.”  Cruse v. Callwood, 55 V.I. 999, 1003 (D.V.I. 2010) (parties to a 
pyramid scheme cannot recover on a theory of restitution when they were aware of the nature of 
the scheme); see also, e.g., Willie, 66 V.I. at 92 (Virgin Islands recognizes common law 
indemnification “where an innocent party is held vicariously liable for the actions of the true 
tortfeasor”) (emphasis in original); Equitex, 60 P.3d at 750 (rejecting a promissory estoppel 
claim for indemnification because “equitable doctrines such as promissory estoppel may not be 
used to enforce an agreement in favor of a wrongdoer”). 
Research has not identified any case that permitted indemnification pursuant to 
promissory estoppel or common law where, as here, the purported indemnitee has been 
convicted of an intentional criminal act.  This long-standing judicial stricture, as well as the 
equitable nature of both promissory estoppel and common law indemnification, public policy 
and the facts of this case all strongly suggest that the Court should not be the first to permit 
common law indemnification for one found guilty of intentional criminal acts.  The crimes for 
which Maxwell stands convicted are based on her own affirmative criminal behavior.  As Judge 
Nathan in the District Court for the Southern District of New York stated in sentencing Maxwell 
to 20 years in prison for her crimes, “Miss Maxwell is not punished in place of Epstein . . . Miss 
Maxwell is being punished for the role that she played.”5  Maxwell cannot employ equitable 
doctrines to escape the financial consequences of her intentional criminal acts. 
 
5. See supra n. 2.  

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
 
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 7 
 
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons set forth herein and in the Co-Executors’ Motion to Dismiss and Reply in 
Support of the Motion to Dismiss, the Court should dismiss the Complaint in its entirety.   
Respectfully, 
Dated: August 1, 2022 
/s/ Shari N. D'Andrade____________________ 
 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
 
V.I. Bar Nos. 1221 & 966  
 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 1, 2022, I caused a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss, which complies with the page 
or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
 
 
Carol Thomas Jacobs, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
 
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 8 
 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
Gordon C. Rhea, P.C. 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Shari N. D'Andrade 
