METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Operating Engineers Construction Industry and Miscellaneous Pension Fund v. Dimon, No. 123-cv-03903 (S.D.N.Y. 2023)
METADATA_FILENAME: 042.pdf
----------------------------------------
 
1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JED S. RAKOFF, U.S.D.J.: 
This is a derivative action brought by shareholders of JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan”) against various officers and directors of 
JPMorgan. The amended complaint asserts claims for breach of fiduciary 
duty and unjust enrichment, based upon allegations that the defendants 
caused JPMorgan to retain Jeffrey Epstein as a client of the bank long 
after defendants knew -- or should have known -- that Epstein was 
using the bank’s financial services to facilitate Epstein’s criminal 
sex trafficking and exploitation of women and underaged girls. JPMorgan 
recently entered into two court-approved settlements concerning this 
23-cv-03903 (JSR) 
 
OPINION AND ORDER 
CITY OF MIAMI GENERAL EMPLOYEES & 
SANITATION EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT 
TRUST and OPERATING ENGINEERS 
CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY AND 
MISCELLANEOUS PENSION FUND  
 
 
 
 
 
Plaintiffs, 
 
 
-v- 
 
JAMES DIMON, STEPHEN B. BURKE, 
TODD A. COMBS, JAMES S. CROWN, 
TIMOTHY P. FLYNN, MELLODY HOBSON, 
JOHN W. KESSLER, PHEBE N. 
NOVAKOVIC, and JAMES E. STALEY, 
 
 
 
Defendants, 
 
 
and 
 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.,  
 
 
 
Nominal Defendant. 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 1 of 16

 
2 
activity --one with a class of Epstein victims and another with the 
Government of the United States Virgin Islands –- in which JPMorgan 
has agreed to pay a total of $365 million. Plaintiffs seek to hold the 
defendants liable for causing this and other harms to the company.  
On July 6, 2023, defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint 
in its entirety, arguing both that plaintiffs’ amended complaint fails 
to state a claim pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) 
and that plaintiffs have failed to adequately allege that they are 
excused from making a pre-suit demand on JPMorgan’s board of directors. 
See Dkt. 24; Dkt. 28. On August 9, 2023, this Court granted defendants’ 
motions by “bottom-line” Order. See Dkt. 39. That Order noted that the 
Court did not reach defendants’ motion pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) 
because the Court found that the amended complaint failed to adequately 
allege that it would have been futile to make a pre-suit demand on 
JPMorgan’s board. This Opinion sets forth more fully the reasons for 
that ruling.1 
I. 
Legal Standard  
Under Delaware law, applicable here because JPMorgan is a Delaware 
corporation, “the board’s authority to govern corporate affairs 
extends to decisions about what remedial actions a corporation should 
take after being harmed, including whether the corporation should file 
a lawsuit against its directors, its officers, its controller, or an 
outsider.” United Food & Com. Workers Union & Participating Food Indus. 
 
1  
The Court’s August 9, 2023, Order noted that judgment would not be entered 
until the issuance of this Opinion.  
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 2 of 16

 
3 
Emps. Tri-State Pension Fund v. Zuckerberg, 262 A.3d 1034, 1047 (Del. 
2021); see also Aronson v. Lewis, 473 A.2d 805, 811 (Del. 1984) (“A 
cardinal precept of [Delaware corporations law] is that directors, 
rather than shareholders, manage the business and affairs of the 
corporation.”). “In order for a stockholder to divest the directors 
of their authority to control the litigation asset and bring a 
derivative action on behalf of the corporation, the stockholder must 
(1) make a demand on the company’s board of directors or (2) show that 
demand would be futile.” Zuckerberg, 262 A.3d at 1047 (internal 
quotation omitted). 
The plaintiffs here did not make a demand on the JPMorgan board 
before bringing suit, and so plaintiffs must allege that making a 
litigation demand on JPMorgan’s board would have been futile. To do 
this, a plaintiff must allege that a majority of the members of 
JPMorgan’s board, at the time the complaint was filed, would have been 
unable to disinterestedly consider a litigation demand. A plaintiff 
may show a given director is unable to disinterestedly consider a 
litigation demand in one of three ways: (1) the director “received a 
material personal benefit from the alleged misconduct,” (2) the 
director “would face a substantial likelihood of liability on any of 
the claims,” or (3) the director “lacks independence from someone” 
conflicted under (1) or (2). Id. at 1058. Pursuant to Federal Rule of 
Civil Procedure 23.1, allegations of demand futility must be pled 
“with particularity.” F5 Cap. v. Pappas, 856 F.3d 61, 82-83 (2d Cir. 
2017) (quoting Fed. R. Civ. P. 23.1(b)(3)). 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 3 of 16

 
4 
In evaluating whether the director defendants face a substantial 
likelihood of liability on plaintiffs’ claims, it is significant that 
JPMorgan’s corporate charter –- in line with the virtually uniform 
practice of public corporate charters today –- contains a provision 
exculpating directors from liability for breaches of fiduciary duty 
except where they arise from acts taken in bad faith or as a result 
of intentional misconduct. See Soloway Decl. Ex. 2 (Dkt. 26-2), at 4; 
see also Del. Gen. Corp. L. § 102(b)(7) (authorizing such provisions). 
Therefore, to establish a substantial likelihood of liability, it is 
not enough to establish a breach of the duty of care, but rather 
plaintiff must allege “conduct that is not in good faith or a breach 
of the duty of loyalty.” Stone ex rel. AmSouth Bancorporation v. 
Ritter, 911 A.2d 362, 367 (Del. 2006). 
The amended complaint alleges that the director-defendants 
breached the duty of loyalty by failing to adequately oversee the 
affairs of the corporation. Such a theory is often referred to as a 
“Caremark claim” after the seminal Delaware case elaborating the 
theory, and has been described as “possibly the most difficult theory 
in corporation law upon which a plaintiff might hope to win a 
judgment.” In re Caremark Int'l Inc. Derivative Litig., 698 A.2d 959, 
967 (Del. Ch. 1996). To make out a Caremark claim, a plaintiff must 
establish that either “(a) the directors utterly failed to implement 
any reporting or information system or controls; or (b) having 
implemented such a system or controls, consciously failed to monitor 
or oversee its operations thus disabling themselves from being informed 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 4 of 16

 
5 
of risks or problems requiring their attention.” Stone, 911 A.2d at 
370. Whether proceeding under either or both of these theories, it is 
necessary that a plaintiff show the directors were acting in bad faith, 
in the sense that the directors actually “knew that they were not 
discharging their fiduciary obligations.” City of Detroit Police & 
Fire Ret. Sys. ex rel. NiSource, Inc. v. Hamrock, 2022 WL 2387653, at 
*11 (Del. Ch. June 30, 2022) (quoting id.).  
II. 
Discussion 
At the time the plaintiffs filed suit, JPMorgan’s board was 
comprised of twelve directors, and so to plead demand futility 
plaintiff must adequately allege that at least six directors were 
conflicted.2 Of the twelve demand directors, only four were even on 
JPMorgan’s board while Epstein was a client of the bank -- JPMorgan 
terminated Epstein as a client in 2013. Am. Compl. ¶ 3. Plaintiffs 
allege that one of these four directors, CEO and board chairman Jamie 
Dimon, was aware of Epstein’s misconduct, and yet failed to take action 
to eliminate Epstein as a client sooner. See Pls. Opp. at 9-11. With 
 
2  
One of JPMorgan’s directors, James Crown, passed away between when the original 
complaint in this case was filed and when the amended complaint was filed. See 
Suggestion of Death (Dkt. 23) (noting Crown died five days before amended complaint 
was filed). While, as a general matter, demand futility is assessed based on the 
board’s composition at the time the operative complaint is filed, a plaintiff who 
amends its complaint may rely on the board’s composition at the time of a prior 
complaint if the derivative claims asserted in the amended complaint were already 
“validly in litigation.” Braddock v. Zimmerman, 906 A.2d 776, 785-86 (Del. 2006). 
Determining whether a claim is “validly in litigation” requires application of a 
three-part test that generally evaluates the sufficiency of the prior complaint’s 
derivative allegations. See Barenbaum ex rel. FTE Networks, Inc. v. Palleschi, 2020 
WL 5819810, at *8 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 30, 2020). Both parties fail to cite the relevant 
legal standard or provide any analysis about how this test applies here. Accordingly, 
the Court will assume without deciding that Crown should be included within the 
composition of the relevant demand board because the Court finds plaintiffs’ claims 
fail even if he is. 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 5 of 16

 
6 
respect to the other three directors in this category –- Stephen Burke, 
James Crown, and Timothy Flynn -- plaintiffs allege that they utterly 
failed to implement an effective board-level system of reporting to 
oversee compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering 
laws, and as a result failed to detect the bank’s facilitation of 
Epstein’s misconduct. See Pls. Opp. at 11-16. While defendants 
vigorously dispute whether even these directors face a substantial 
likelihood of liability, the Court need not resolve this question 
because the Court finds that plaintiffs have failed to allege with 
particularity that any of the remaining eight directors are conflicted.  
Of the remaining eight directors, plaintiffs concede that four 
are disinterested and capable of considering a litigation demand. With 
respect to the other four such directors -- Linda Bammann, Todd Combs, 
Michael Neal, and Phebe Novakovic -- plaintiffs make two arguments. 
First, plaintiffs argue that Bammann, Combs and Neal are conflicted 
because they face a substantial likelihood of liability. Second, 
plaintiffs argue that Bammann and Novakovic are conflicted because 
they each lack independence from one or another director who was on 
JPMorgan’s board while Epstein was a client -- Jamie Dimon and James 
Crown, respectively. As explained below, the Court finds neither 
argument plausible. 
A. Substantial Likelihood of Liability of Bammann, Combs and Neal. 
Plaintiffs claim that Bammann, Combs and Neal face a substantial 
likelihood of liability. However, none of these three directors were 
on JPMorgan’s board of directors while Epstein was a client, and so 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 6 of 16

 
7 
they cannot be accused of failing to eliminate Epstein as a client. 
Rather, as articulated in plaintiffs’ opposition brief, plaintiffs’ 
theory of liability with respect to these directors centers around a 
deferred prosecution agreement (“DPA”) the company entered into with 
the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) in 2014 in connection with 
JPMorgan’s completely unrelated facilitation of Bernie Madoff’s Ponzi 
scheme and a similar, related consent order (“Consent Order”) JPMorgan 
entered into with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
(“OCC”). See Pls. Opp. at 16-18. 
Plaintiffs observe that, in the DPA and Consent Order, JPMorgan 
“agreed to (i) implement an exhaustive review of all past [suspicious 
activity report, or “SAR”] filings and ensure that any other 
potentially suspicious activity was identified and reported, (ii) 
review all transactions by non-bank financial institutions, and (iii) 
oversee these reviews, with written findings ‘reported to the Board.’” 
Pls. Opp. at 16-17 (quoting Soloway Decl. Ex. 1 (Dkt. 26-1) Art. VIII, 
IX).  The DPA also required JPMorgan to report any criminal conduct 
or violations of the Bank Secrecy Act to the DOJ. Soloway Decl. Ex. 1 
(Dkt. 26-2) ¶¶ 10, 20.   
Plaintiffs argue that it is “reasonable to infer” that JPMorgan 
management complied with the DPA’s obligations to review past 
transactions and thereby learned of the alleged failures to file SARs 
regarding Epstein. Pls. Opp. at 17. From this, plaintiffs claim that 
“[i]t logically follows that it is reasonably inferable that the post-
DPA Board members . . . learned of JPM’s failure to timely file 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 7 of 16

 
8 
Epstein-related 
SARs 
and 
of 
Epstein’s 
criminal 
conduct 
more 
generally.” Id. Having supposedly learned this information, plaintiffs 
further argue the aforementioned directors breached their fiduciary 
duties by failing to report Epstein’s misconduct to the DOJ or file a 
belated SAR, thereby breaching the DPA and Consent Order. Id.  
Plaintiffs’ argument is riddled with holes. First, the amended 
complaint’s allegations do not line up with the argument outlined 
above. The amended complaint contains only a single, off-hand reference 
to the DPA and Consent Order and does so to suggest that, more 
generally, the company’s compliance infrastructure was inadequate. See 
Am. Compl. ¶¶ 170-71. The amended complaint contains no discussion of 
the DPA’s or Consent Order’s contents, does not allege that the review 
conducted under the DPA uncovered Epstein-related issues and does not 
allege that any uncovered information about Epstein was passed on to 
the board. Plaintiffs cannot amend their complaint through their 
opposition papers, especially where, as here, plaintiffs were required 
by Rule 23.1 to plead particularized facts to support demand futility.  
Second, even assuming these allegations had been included in the 
complaint, the inferences plaintiffs ask this court to draw from them 
are simply not plausible. It is not at all clear that the review of 
past money laundering filings mandated by the DPA and Consent Order 
uncovered Epstein-related conduct. The Consent Order required that the 
review “be supervised and certified by independent consultant(s) 
acceptable to the Examiner-in-Charge” -- a third-party reviewer 
appointed under the Consent Order -- and the results of the review 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 8 of 16

 
9 
were to be reported to the Examiner-in-Charge. Mackintosh Decl. Ex. 1 
(Dkt. 31-1) Art. VII, Sec. (2)-(3). Plaintiff asks the Court to 
implausibly infer that both the independent consultant and the 
independent examiner appointed under the Consent Order became aware 
of the Epstein-related conduct and yet were complicit in the company’s 
alleged continued failure to file SARs relating to it.  
Even assuming hypothetically that the review did identify the 
Epstein-related conduct, there is no reason to think that information 
was transmitted to the board. As the amended complaint acknowledges, 
JPMorgan is “one of the world’s largest financial institutions.” Am. 
Compl. ¶ 2. While the DPA did require the written findings of the 
review be reported to the board, it does not follow the board would 
have received information about every single client who was the subject 
of concerns. Indeed, if anything, the amended complaint seems to 
contradict any inference that the board was made aware, alleging “there 
is no evidence that JPM’s board of directors . . . ever discussed 
Epstein prior to his death by apparent suicide in 2019.” Am. Compl. 
¶ 3. Thus, the Court cannot reasonably infer that these three board 
members were made aware of the company’s alleged failure to file 
Epstein-related SARs.3 
 
3  
The absence of any allegation of actual evidence of the board’s knowledge 
defeats any claim under the second prong of Caremark, which requires proof “the 
board knew of evidence of corporate misconduct -- the proverbial ‘red flag’ -- yet 
acted in bad faith by consciously disregarding its duty to address that misconduct.” 
Teamsters Loc. 443 Health Servs. & Ins. Plan v. Chou, 2020 WL 5028065, at *17 (Del. 
Ch. Aug. 24, 2020) (quotation omitted). To the extent plaintiffs’ claim these 
directors are liable pursuant to the first prong of Caremark, requiring allegations 
of “an utter failure to attempt to assure a reasonable information and reporting 
system exists,” the very existence of the Consent Order and DPA would defeat such a 
claim, because both agreements expressly required a reporting system be established. 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 9 of 16

 
10 
Third, even setting aside these factual deficiencies, plaintiffs 
have failed to explain how the purported breach of fiduciary duty –- 
permitting a violation of the DPA/Consent Order and failure to correct 
previously-deficient SAR filings regarding Epstein -- actually caused 
the company any harm. To reiterate, these directors cannot be accused 
of failing to terminate Epstein as a client, because the company had 
already done so by the time they joined the board. And plaintiffs do 
not allege that JPMorgan was ever penalized by the DOJ or OCC for 
violating the DPA or Consent Order (or even that either government 
agency found a violation), so even assuming a violation of those 
agreements occurred in the abstract, it is not clear how that would 
support liability for the Epstein-related conduct. Nor do plaintiffs 
explain why failure to correct previously deficient SAR filings between 
2014 and 2016 -- after Epstein was no longer a client -- caused the 
company any harm. In short, plaintiffs have failed to allege -- let 
alone allege with particularity –- facts giving rise to a reasonable 
inference that Bammann, Combs and Neal face a substantial likelihood 
of liability.4 
 
Hamrock, 2022 WL 2387653, at *12 (quotation omitted) (noting that a plaintiff that 
attempts to allege a Caremark claim under both prongs typically loses under prong 
one “because the plaintiff must concede the existence of a board-level monitoring 
system to plead under prong two”). 
4  
The absence of any allegation that that JPMorgan was penalized for violating 
the DPA or Consent Order distinguishes this case from the two authorities cited by 
plaintiffs, both of which involved situations where a company entered into a consent 
decree requiring board-level reporting, violated that consent decree, and then were 
later penalized for those violations. See Westmoreland Cnty. Emp. Ret. Sys. v. 
Parkinson, 727 F.3d 719, 727 (7th Cir. 2013); In re Pfizer Inc. S'holder Derivative 
Litig., 722 F. Supp. 2d 453, 461-62 (S.D.N.Y. 2010). The absence of particularized 
factual allegations here is, of course, another distinguishing factor. 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 10 of 16

 
11 
B. Independence of Novakovic & Bammann 
The amended complaint offers one final route to establish demand 
futility. It claims that Novakovic and Bammann lack independence from 
directors facing a substantial likelihood of liability because they 
were on the board while Epstein was a client of the bank. If plaintiffs 
are correct that both of these directors lack independence, then demand 
would be excused (again assuming arguendo that the four directors on 
the board while Epstein was a client face a substantial likelihood of 
liability). But as explained below, the Court finds plaintiffs have 
failed to allege either Novakovic or Bammann lack independence such 
that they are incapable of disinterestedly considering a litigation 
demand.  
In evaluating demand futility, “directors are presumed to be 
independent.” Teamsters Union 25 Health Servs. & Ins. Plan v. Baiera, 
119 A.3d 44, 59 (Del. Ch. 2015) (internal quotation marks omitted). 
To 
overcome 
this 
presumption, 
plaintiffs 
must 
allege 
with 
particularity “facts from which the director’s ability to act 
impartially on a matter important to the interested party can be 
doubted because that director may feel either subject to the interested 
party’s dominion or beholden to that interested party.” F5 Cap. v. 
Pappas, 856 F.3d 61, 84 (2d Cir. 2017) (quoting Sandys v. Pincus, 152 
A.3d 124, 128 (Del. 2016)). In making this determination, the Court 
may not view each of the amended complaint’s allegations in isolation 
but must instead consider them wholistically. See id. at 83. 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 11 of 16

 
12 
Bammann. Plaintiffs argue Bammann is not disinterested because 
she has extensive professional ties to Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JPMorgan 
and Chairman of its board. From 2001 to 2004 Bammann was an executive 
at another company called Bank One while Dimon was the CEO of Bank 
One. Am. Compl. ¶ 193. And then, after Bank One was acquired by 
JPMorgan, Bammann served as JPMorgan’s deputy head of risk management 
while Dimon was President and COO of JPMorgan. Id. Finally, plaintiffs 
allege Bammann joined the JPMorgan board while Dimon was CEO and 
chairman of JPMorgan in 2013, and that since then Bammann’s only source 
of income has been her role on the board. Id.  
The mere fact that Bammann and Dimon worked together at One Bank 
and JPMorgan does not give rise to an inference that Bammann is 
disabled from considering a litigation demand against Dimon. See, 
e.g., F5 Cap., 856 F.3d at 85 (noting that a “mere personal friendship 
or outside business relationship does not raise a reasonable doubt 
about a director's independence” and concluding allegations that 
directors served on several other boards together and had “substantial 
business entanglements” did not call into question director’s 
independence (internal quotation marks omitted)); Orman v. Cullman, 
794 A.2d 5, 27 (Del. Ch. 2002) (“[A]llegations concerning longstanding 
business relations fail as a matter of law to place in issue the 
independence of directors . . . .”).  
Nor is the bare allegation that Bammann joined the board while 
Dimon was CEO and Chairman sufficient to rebut the presumption of 
independence. Delaware courts have repeatedly found that even where a 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 12 of 16

 
13 
director is appointed at the behest of a company’s controlling 
shareholder –- a far more extreme scenario than that presented here -
- the fact of a director’s appointment alone does not rebut the 
presumption of independence, since that is simply how the normal 
process of nominating directors operates in such instances. See 
McElrath v. Kalanick, 224 A.3d 982, 995 (Del. 2020) (“Importantly, 
being nominated or elected by a director who controls the outcome is 
insufficient by itself to reasonably doubt a director's independence 
because that is the usual way a person becomes a corporate director.” 
(internal quotation marks omitted); Baiera, 119 A.3d at 60-61 (same). 
The fact that Bammann’s sole employment since 2013 as been her service 
on JPMorgan’s board does not alter this conclusion, given that 
plaintiffs have not explained why this compensation would be imperiled 
were she to consider a litigation demand or alleged that the amount 
she is paid is particularly significant to her overall financial 
prosperity. See Simons v. Brookfield Asset Mgmt. Inc., 2022 WL 223464, 
at *15 (Del. Ch. Jan. 21, 2022) (“[M]ere allegations of payment of 
director fees are insufficient to create a reasonable doubt as to the 
director's independence.”); Halpert Enter., Inc. v. Harrison, 362 F. 
Supp. 2d 426, 433 (S.D.N.Y.2005) (“The allegations that the Board 
members receive various fees from [the company] are similarly 
unavailing, because there are no particularized allegations indicating 
that that compensation is excessive.”).  
Plaintiffs argue that the relationship between Bammann and Dimon 
goes beyond a normal professional relationship because Bammann “owes 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 13 of 16

 
14 
a significant portion of her professional success to Dimon.” Pls. Opp. 
at 19. But the amended complaint’s allegations do not support this 
claim. Nowhere does the amended complaint actually allege, let alone 
offer particularized factual allegations, how Bammann’s professional 
advancement was the result of Dimon’s influence. Rather, plaintiffs’ 
argument is based solely on the circumstantial inference that, because 
Bammann and Dimon had overlapping upward trajectories at One Bank and 
JPMorgan, Dimon must have been the cause. But these allegations at 
most establish that it is conceivable Dimon played a role in Bammann’s 
advancement, and pleading conceivability alone is insufficient even 
under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8(a)’s more permissive pleading 
standard. See Bell Atl. Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 570 (2007) 
(complaint 
must 
allege 
sufficient 
factual 
matter 
to 
“nudged 
[plaintiffs’] claims across the line from conceivable to plausible”).  
The inference that Bammann owes some professional debt to Dimon 
is further undermined by the fact that their time serving together as 
managers occurred over a decade ago. While plaintiff responds that 
“past benefits conferred . . . may establish an obligation or debt,” 
Pls. Opp. at 20, the age of any such obligation remains relevant. 
Absent more particularized allegations about the nature of the debt 
of gratitude Bammann supposedly owes to Dimon, the Court is unable to 
reasonably infer that such a debt was so substantial as to imperil 
Bammann’s independence so many years later. In short, even when taken 
as a whole, plaintiffs’ threadbare allegations are insufficient to 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 14 of 16

 
15 
give rise to a reasonable inference that Bammann lacks independence 
from Dimon. 
Novakovic. Plaintiffs argue Novakovic lacks independence from 
Crown, who was among the directors on the board at the time Epstein 
was a client. Novakovic is the CEO and Chairman of another company, 
General Dynamics, which the amended complaint describes as “affiliated 
with the Crown family,” and as a “Crown[] family business.” Am. Compl. 
¶¶ 36, 195. The amended complaint also alleges Novakovic served on the 
General Dynamics board with Crown. Id. ¶ 33. Plaintiffs claim that, 
as a result of the Crown-family’s control of General Dynamics, 
Novakovic is beholden to Crown and therefore could not disinterestedly 
consider a litigation demand against him. See Pls. Opp. at 19. 
Plaintiffs have failed to allege that Crown’s and Novakovic’s 
ties to General Dynamics rise beyond the general business relationships 
that are otherwise insufficient to establish a lack of independence. 
See supra. While plaintiffs claim that, because General Dynamics is 
“Crown’s family business,” Crown “likely had the influence to fire 
Novakovic” from her position as General Dynamics CEO, Am. Compl. ¶ 194, 
plaintiffs offer no particularized allegations to support this 
contention that Crown had the unilateral power to fire Novakovic or 
that Crown exercised significant influence over the direction of the 
company. See Flannery v. Genomic Health, Inc., 2021 WL 3615540, at *15 
(Del. Ch. Aug. 16, 2021) (concluding allegation director had 
“significant investments” in employer of director was insufficient 
where complaint failed to allege whether those investments gave the 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 15 of 16

Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 42     Filed 01/12/24     Page 16 of 16
"u;nilateral power" to control the directors compensation) . General 
Dynamics is not a privately held family business but a publicly traded 
Fortune 100 company, and it is simply not plausible, based on the 
conclusory allegations in the amended complaint, to conclude Crown had 
sufficient power over Novakovic's employment at General Dynamics so 
as to render Novakovic not disinterested. 5 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
For the reasons set forth above, the Court grants the motions to 
dismiss. Because the plaintiffs have already amended their complaint 
and because, even based on the additional allegations referenced in 
their reply papers, the complaint would still have to be dismissed, 
the dismissal is with prejudice. 
Accordingly, 
the Court 
hereby 
dismisses the case with prejudice. The Clerk of the Court is directed 
to enter final judgment forthwith and close the case. 
SO ORDERED. 
New York, NY 
January __Q,_, 2024 
~~-S.D.J. 
5 
Indeed, the absence of any particularized allegations of control of General 
Dynamics by the Crown is likely because they would be counterfactual. According to 
General Dynamic's 2023 proxy statement, as of March 2023 Crown directly owned 
under .5% of the Company's shares and was potentially the indirect beneficial 
owner of slightly over 5% of shares. See General Dynamics Proxy Statement, at 88-
89 (Mar. 24, 2023), available at https://dl8rn0p25nwr6d.cloudfront.net/CIK-
0000040533/8a5193el-4ca4-4d33-b67d-dabbl58e8ed9.pdf. No other Crown family member 
is listed as controlling over 5% of the company's stock. 
16 
