METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.03.12 Civil Complaint.pdf
----------------------------------------
.I 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.: ~ 
... ;t)_.cv'-/56 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
TH E ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
RICHARD 
D. KAHN, 
in 
his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF TH E ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEI , and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company. 
Defendants. 
COMPLAI NT 
(,/) 
C: 
-u 
:-r' 
:::c 
0 ;o 
('") 
0 C: 
:::0 
-I 
r-j :::u 
C::> 
:J: I' 
:.::-
:::0 
r
1 
N 
~ 
:l> < 
:JI: 
CD 
fT' 
s:-
C 
~-
Plaintiff GHISLAINE MAXWELL ("Maxwell"), through her undersigned attorneys. by 
\\·a) of her Complaint against Delendants ESTA/ f::, OF JU FREY I~. LPSTEIN (the "Estate"). 
DARRFN K. INDYKE. in his capacity as Executor of the [STA.I [ 01· Jf-.l·FREY E. EPSTEIN 
("lndyke"). RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as Executor of the 1-.S1 ATE-: OF JEFFREY E. 
EPS f'U N ("Kahn'"), and NES. LLC, a New York Lim ited Liabilit) Company ( .. NES, LLC"), 
alleges as follows: 
NATURE OF THIS ACTION 
l. 
This is an action for indemnification for and advancement of the attorneys· fees. 
security costs, costs to find safe accommodation, and all other expenses Maxwell has reasonably 
incurred and ,viii incur by reason of her prior employment relationship with Jeffrey E. Epstein 
(''Epstein") and his affiliated businesses in connection with any threatened, pending, or completed 

CIVIL CASE NO.: __ 
_ 
Page 2 of JO 
suit, proceeding, or investigation relating to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged 
victims. 
PARTIES AND JURISDICTION 
2. 
Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell is an adult citizen of the United States. 
3. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein was a resident of the Virgin Islands. The Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein was created following Epstein's death and is domiciled in the Virgin Islands. 
4. 
Defendant Darren K. lndyke is an Executor of the 'Estate. 
5. 
Defendant Richard D. Kahn is an Executor of the Estate. 
6. 
Defendant NES, LLC. is a limited liability company organized under the laws of the 
State of New York on or about August 13. 1998. 
7. 
This Court has jurisdiction over thi'i matter pursuant to 4 V.I.C. * 76. 
8. 
Pursuant to 4 V.1.C. § 78, v1:nue properl) lie:. in the United States Virgin Islands. and 
in the Division of St. Thomas and St. John. 
FACTUAL ALLF.GATJO~S 
9. 
From approximately l 999 through at least 2006. i\laxwc\l was employed by Ep:.tcin 
indi\'iclually. and by several of his affiliated busines~e.,. including. but not limited to. the C.O.U.Q. 
F0t111dation. NES LLC. New York Strategy Group. JEGE LLC. JEGE Inc .. and LSJ. LLC. 
10. 
While under Epstein's employ. \tlaxwell \\as responsible for managing Epstein·s 
properties. including properties located in New York. Paris, Florida. New Mexico. and the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. 
11. 
During the course of their relationship, including while Maxwell was in Epstein's 
employ, Epstein promised Maxwell that he would support her financially. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: -----
Page 3 of IO 
12. 
Epstein made these promises to Maxwell repeatedly, both in writing and in 
conversation. 
13. 
Epstein restated these promises when Maxwell was in the process of leaving 
Epstein's employ to start a new business of her own. 
14. 
Epstein assured Maxwell that even if her business ventures failed he would support 
her financially. 
15. 
In approximately 200 I. Maxwell began transitioning to a more limited employment 
role for Epstein and his affiliated businesses. 
In approximately 2004, Maxwell received a 
typewritten letter from Epstein with a handwritten note asking Maxwell to remain in Epstein's 
employ and pro111ising that no matter what Maxwell chose to do, Epstein would always support 
Maxwell financially. 
16. 
Sometime thereaf'ter. Epstein pleaded guilty in a I· lorida stme proceeding to ,1 d ony 
charge of ~olicit,Hi,ln ofpro~titution invoh·ing a rni1Hir. 
17. 
Since the lime of Cpstein'~ FloriJa ,tale proceeJing to the present. l'vlaxwcll ha~ 
incurred legal fees and expenses in 1.:on11ection with various suits, proceedings. and invcstigatiom 
relating to Epstein, hi~ affiliated busincs::.<:s. and his alleged victims. 
18. 
Consistent with his repeated promises, Epstein indemnified !'vlaxwell and advanced 
lt:gal fees and settlement costs when they \\ ere incurred in connection with a lawsuit ti led by Sarah 
Ransome against Epstein in 201 7 (Jone Doe .:/3 v. E'pstein. et al .. 17-cv-00616-JGK). 
19. 
Consistent with his repeated promises, Epstein also paid Maxwell's legal bills 
incurred in connection with a civil suit tiled by Virginia Roberts against Epstein in 2009. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: -----,-
Page 4 of 10 
20. 
Epstein's promise is further evidenced by the fact that Epstein indemnified and 
advanced legal fees and expenses for a number of other employees in other various lawsuits relating 
to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims. 
21. 
lndyke, in his capacity as an Executor of the Estate, also made assurances to 
Maxwell that Maxwell's legal fees and obligations would be reimbursed by Epstein and the Estate, 
and that Maxwell's legal foes and expenses would be paid going forward. 
22. 
lndyke told Maxwell that her legal fees would be paid because she would not have 
incurred any legal expenses but for Epstein·s alleged misconduct, and that Epstein's promises 
would be honored. 
23. 
Epstein was found dead on August I 0, 2019 in New York. 
24. 
On August 15. 2019. lndyke and Kahn filed a petition for probate of Epstein' s last 
wi ll and testament with the Probate Di\'ision of the Superior Court of the Virghl Islands. Div b ion of' 
St. Thomas and <;t. John. 
25. 
Ma:rncll has incurred and will continue to mcur significant legal lees. personal 
security costs, and other costs in connection with legal suits. proceeding~. and investigation!:> 
relating to Epstein, his affiliated businesses. and his alleged victims. 
26. 
Maxwell receives regular threats to her life and safety. which have required her to 
hire personal securil) ser\'ices and find safe acco111111odation. 
27. 
Maxwell is entitled to indemnit1cation and ad\'ancemcnt of expenses incurred by 
reason of her employment relationship with Epstein and his affi liated businesses. including 
attorneys· fees, as \-Veil as security costs and costs of finding safe accommodation, all of which are 
ongoing. extensive, and directly related to the pending suits, proceedings. and investigations 

CIVIL CASE NO.: _
_ 
_ 
Page 5 of 10 
concerning Epstein's alleged misconduct. These expenses will be ongoing due to the extensive 
global coverage and interest in these events and proceedings. 
28. 
By letter dated November 22, 2019. Maxwell submitted a claim to the Estate, 
addressed to lndyke and Kahn, requesting that the Estate honor its obligation to provide 
indemnification as requested in this action. 
29. 
The Estate has not honored or even formally responded to Maxwell's claim. 
30. 
Maxwell was compelled to file this Complaint because the Estate has not honored 
her claim for indemnification as requested in this action. 
31. 
Given that Maxwell was forced to seek judicial intervention to vindicate her right to 
. 
. 
. 
indemnification by the Estate, she is entitled to recover the reasonable lees incurred in this action to 
vindicate that right. 
CAUSES OF ACTION 
COUNT ON[ 
Indemnification (Promissorv Estoppcl / Contractual ) 
32. 
Plaintiff repeats and realleges the foregoing allegation~ of this Complaint as though 
fully set forth herein. 
33. 
On more than one occasion, Epstein made a clear and unambiguous promise to 
Maxwell that he would indemnify Maxwell and advance an) expenses incurred by reason of her 
prior employment relationship with him and his affiliated businesses. 
34. 
Maxwell reasonably and justifiably relied on Epstein·s promises and put her trust in 
Epstein that he would fulfill his promises. 
35. 
As such, Maxv,:ell elected to leave Epstein ·s employ to pursue her own business 
ventures because she trusted that Epstein would continue to suppo1t her financially. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: -----
Page 6 of 10 
36. 
The Estate has failed to uphold Epstein's promise to indemnify and advance 
expenses incurred by reason of Maxwell's employment relationship with Epstein and his affiliated 
businesses. 
37. 
Maxwell's reliance on the Estate's pro1rnses was a substantial factor in causing 
Maxwell harm as alleged herein. 
38. 
For the foregoing reasons, Maxwell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from the Estate of expenses incurred by reason of her employment relationship with Epstein and his 
affi I iated businesses. 
COUNT TWO 
Indemnilication (Common Law) 
39. 
Plaintiff repeats and realleges the foregoing ullcgatiom of this Complaint as though 
l'ully set forth herein. 
-W 
The employment relationship between Maxwell and [pstein formed a legal and 
special relationship that give!> rise to a dut) 1.,11 the p,,rt or the E.<.tatc to indemnify Maxwell for any 
expense<; incurred by rec1.<,011 or Max,H:11's employment relationship,, ith Epstein and his affiliated 
businesses, 
41 . 
iVlaX\\•ell had no invo lvement in or knowledge of Epstein's alleged misconduct, but 
nonetheless has been required lo pay significant legal fees. personal security costs, and other 
expenses because the alleged events occurred while she was employed by Epstein and his affiliated 
businesses. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: ----
Page 7 of 10 
42. 
The 
suits, 
proceedings, 
and/or 
investigations 
for 
which 
Maxwell 
seeks 
indemnification were instituted against Maxwell solely because she was an employee of Epstein and 
his affiliated businesses. 
43. 
Maxwell incurred these legal fees and expenses as a direct result of Epstein's acts 
and/or omissions. 
44. 
For the foregoing reasons, Maxwell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from the Estate of expenses incurred by reason of her employment relationship with Epstein and his 
affiliated businesses. 
COUNT THREE 
Indemnification (N[S. LLC and Other Entities) 
45. 
Plaintiff repeats and realleges the foregoing allegations of this Complaint a~ though 
fu I ly set forth herein. 
46. 
Maxwell was employed as a manager by NES. LLC. 
47. 
Upon information and bel ief. the corporate l)rganizational documents for NES. LLC 
.:mitlc Maxwell to mandatol') indemnification and advancement of legal fee~. personal securil) 
cosb, and other expenses incurred by reason of her cmplo)ment relationship \\ith NJ:,S, LI.C, 
including expenses incurred in connection with the pending suits. proceedings. and investigations 
concerning Epstein's alleged misconduct. 
48. 
Maxwell has incurred significant legal lees, personal ~ecurity costs. and other 
expenses by reason of her employment relationship with NES. LLC. 
49. 
Upon information and belief. as of September 2006. Defendant Kahn was the 
Comptroller of NES, LLC. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: - - --
Page 8 of JO 
50. 
By letter dated November 22, 2019, Maxwell requested indemnification from NES, 
LLC for the legal fees, personal security costs, and other expenses incurred by reason of her 
employment relationship with NES, LLC, among other entities, and never received a response. 
51. 
By the same letter dated November 22, 2019, Maxwell requested copies of 
documents setting forth applicable indemnification and/or advancement rights and policies, 
including any operating agreements for NES, LLC, and never received a response. 
52. 
Maxwell was also employed by several of Epstein's other entities, including. but not 
limited to. the C.O.U.Q. Foundation, 
cw York Strategy Group, JEGE LLC, JEGE Inc., and LSJ, 
LLC. 
53. 
Upon information and belief, the corporate organizational documents of these other 
entities likely provide a right or indemnity lo Maxwell for expense,; incurred b> reason of' her 
cmplo) rnent relationship,, ith those emities. 
54. 
Maxwe ll has incurred significant legal f-ces. personal security cosh. and other 
expenses by reason of her ernplo: menl relationship with these other entiti~s. 
55. 
Maxwell requested indemnification from the Estate for :-uch tee~, cost"i. and 
expenses by reas(111 of her prior employment relationship with these other cntitie~. and \\ its re l'uscd. 
56. 
For the foregoing rea<;ons. MaX\\ell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from N CS. LLC and/or the Estate of expenses incurred by reason or· her employment relationship 
with NES. LLC. Epstein, and/or an) of his other entities \\'ith whom Maxwell was affiliated or 
employed. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: __ 
_ 
Page 9 of 10 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Maxwell respectfully requests that this Court enter judgment in her favor 
and against the Estate and grant her the fo llowing relief: 
A. 
an Order declaring that Maxwell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from the Estate and/or NES, LLC the reasonable attorneys· fees and expenses she has incurred by 
reason of her employment relationship with Epstein, NES. LLC, and his other affiliated businesses, 
including attorneys· fees incurred in connection with any threatened, pending. or completed suit. 
proceeding. or investigation relating thereto, security costs and costs of finding safe accommodation 
incurred as a result thereo f, and all other expenses Maxwell has reasonably incurred and will incur 
in the future by reason of her prior employment relationship with Epstein. NES, L.LC, and his other 
affili ated busin~s-;cs: 
13. 
au Order declaring that Maxwell is entitled to prejudgment interest on the reasonable 
attorneys' Ices and other cxpense-s for which the Estate and/or Nl:S. LI C has foiled to ath ance or 
indemnify Max\\ell: 
C. 
an Ordc.:r declaring that Maxwell i:; entitled lu rcc1.w cr fro m the Estate ancllor NES. 
LLC the reasonable attornc) s· fees and costs incurred in connection with this action: 
D. 
post-judgment interest: and 
E. 
all such other and further relief to which Plaintiff is entitled at la\\ and in equity or as 
this Court may deem just and proper. 

Dated: March JL , 2020 
CIVIL CASE NO.: __ 
_ 
Page 10 of 10 
Q INTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4tti Floor 
Miami. FL 33156 
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300 
Y)~ 
By:/~------
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner~{qpwbla\\ .com 
V.I. Bar No.: 1038 
