METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Bryant v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10479 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 007.pdf
----------------------------------------
Troutman Sanders LLP, 875 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10022
Bennet.Moskowitz@troutman.com
(212) 704-6087
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC   Document 7   Filed 11/27/19   Page 1 of 1
AO 399 (0 I /09) Waiver of the Service of Summons 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Juliette B ant 
Plaintiff 
V. 
Darren K. lndyke et al 
Defendant 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Civil Action No. 1:19-cv-1 0479-ALC 
WAIVER OF THE SERVICE OF SUMMONS 
To: 
David Boies 
(Name of the plaintiff's attorney or unrepresented plaintijJ) 
I have received your request to waive service of a summons in this action along with a copy of the complaint, 
two copies of this waiver form, and a prepaid means of returning one signed copy of the form to you. 
I, or the entity I represent, agree to save the expense of serving a summons and complaint in this case. 
I understand that I, or the entity I represent, will keep all defenses or objections to the lawsuit, the court's 
jurisdiction, and the venue of the action, but that I wai e any objections to the absence of a summons or of service. 
I also understand that I, or the entity I represent, must file and serve an answer or a motion under Rule 12 within 
60 days from 
JI /?.SI I~ 
, the date when this request was sent (or 90 days if it was sent outside the 
United States). If I fail to do so, a default judgment will be entered against me or the entity I represent. 
Date: 
/ I /Z- 5/(9 
v 
Signature of the attorney or unrepresented party 
Darren K. Ind ke and Richard D. Kahn 
Bennet Moskowitz 
Printed name of party waiving service of summons 
Printed name 
Address 
E-mail address 
Telephone number 
Duty to Avo id Unnecessary Expenses of Serving a Summons 
Rule 4 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure requires certain defendants to cooperate in saving unnecessary expenses of serving a summons 
and complaint. A defendant who is located in the United States and who fai ls to return a signed waiver of service requested by a plaintiff located in 
the United States will be required to pay the expenses of service, unless the defendant shows good cause for the failure. 
"Good cause" does not include a belief that the lawsuit is groundless, or that it has been brought in an improper venue, or that the court has 
no j urisdiction over this matter or over the defendant or the defendant's property. 
If the waiver is signed and returned, you can still make these and all other defenses and objections, but you cannot object to the absence of 
a summons or of service. 
If you waive service, then you must, within the time specified on the waiver form, serve an answer or a motion under Rule 12 on the plaintiff 
and file a copy with the court. By signing and returning the waiver form, you are allowed more time to respond than if a summons had been served. 
