METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.09 Order Signed.pdf
----------------------------------------
I • TUE SUPERIOR COURT 
OPTFf£ VIRGI ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 09, 2022 11: 23 AM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CFIARLE 
CLERK OF TFIE CO RT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS / ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as Executor of 
the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
Executor of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; and NES, LLC, a New York 
Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Complex Litigation Division 
Action for Indemnification 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER is before the undersigned further to the Joint Notice filed by 
Plaintiff, the Defendants, and the proposed Intervenor Government of the United States 
Virgin Islands. Defendants request oral argument on their motion to dismiss, which 
Plaintiff does not oppose. Plaintiff and Defendants request oral argument on the 
Government's motion to intervene. Defendants also indicate that they would like to file 
a response to the Government's motion to intervene, which the Government opposes. 
Pursuant to Administrative Order No. 2021-0012, the Staff Master has broad 
authority-in master cases and individual cases under master cases-to "[r]egulate all 
proceedings by ... addressing pretrial and posttrial matters .... " (Admin. Order No. 
2021-0012, p.3.) This case is not a under a master case, however, and thus, the Staff 
Master's authority is not as broad. But in all complex cases, the Staff Master has 
authority to "[m]ake or recommend findings of facts and conclusions of law on 
dispositive motions," to "[m)ake formal and informal recommendations and reports to 
the judge regarding any matter pertinent to the proceedings[,]" and to u[c]onduct legal 
analysis of parties' motions or other submissions and make recommended findings of 
facts and conclusions of law .... 
11 Id. The Staff Master also has authority to "[e]stablish, 

manage and supervise discovery plans and other related schedules .... " Id. at 2. 
Consequently, while the undersigned may not be able to decide whether to grant the 
Defendants leave to respond to the motion to intervene out of time, the undersigned 
can establish a schedule by when such motion should be filed. Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED that the following deadlines shall govern further briefing on the 
motion to intervene: if Defendants intend to request leave to respond to the motion to 
intervene, they must serve and file a motion on or before Friday, August 19, 2022; 
Plaintiff and the Government of the United States Virgin Islands may serve and file a 
Response on or before Friday, August 26, 2022; and Defendants may serve and file a 
Reply on or before Friday, September 2, 2022. In order to reduce further delay, and 
assuming a motion for leave to respond out of time is filed, it is further 
ORDERED that any responses and replies to the motion to intervene should be 
served and filed by the same deadlines given above, but as a stand-alone document, 
and not as an attachment to another filing. Counsel are advised that this briefing 
schedule is intended to reduce delay and does not mean that further briefing on the 
motion to intervene will be considered by the undersigned or the Judge. Should the 
Judge decide to grant the motion for leave to file out of time, (if such motion is filed), 
the briefing will already be on file. Should the Judge decide to deny the motion, the 
additional briefing can be stricken. It is further 
ORDERED that this matter is scheduled for a remote Hearing and Oral 
Argument on Friday, September 16, 2022, at 10:00 a.m. on (1) the motion to dismiss 
filed by Defendants on May 1, 2020; and (2) the motion to intervene filed by the 
Government of the United States Virgin Islands on July 13, 2020. The undersigned will 
also hear argument on (3) the motion for leave to file a response to the motion to 
intervene out of time, assuming such motion is filed. 
DONE and SO ORDERED this 9th day of August, 2022. 
ATTEST: 
~
EP~l= 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Staff Master 
Cle~
eCourt 
sy: 
v.fb C.£;.'fu-
cou~ c1~ k 
Date:
· 
1 c2??/22c9 
