METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-21.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-21   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
PATH TO JUSTICE. COM 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fowler White Burnett PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
Fourteen Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, FL 33131-3302 
October 28, 2010 
Re: 
Withholding of Discoverable Materials in Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Dear Mr. Knight: 
I am writing on an urgent matter. I was recently informed that there are substantial 
materials that were not produced during discovery in the Jane Doe v. Epstein case, No. 9:08-CV-
80893 (S.D. Fla). 
I am writing to alert you to my concerns and to see if you have any 
explanation. 
As you know, in 2009 Jane Doe propounded (among others) three discovery requests to 
Epstein: 
Request No. 7: All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a 
result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the 
Federal investigation against you. 
Request No. 9: Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, 
state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal 
prosecutors investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10: All correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and 
from the States Attorney's office or any agents thereof). 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 
954.524.2822 fax 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-21   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
On June 30, 2010, after innumerable motions and continuances and delays, I finally 
received information responsive to that request by e-mail, totaling approximately 359 pages. 
Three of my clients settled their cases against Epstein shortly after receiving that information, 
believing that this was all the information that was subject to the discovery request (and also 
having filed a motion regarding redactions made in the materials and the absence of materials 
concerning correspondence with state prosecutors). 
Yesterday, I received a report from a reliable source that there was substantial additional 
correspondence between Epstein's attorneys and federal prosecutors -
information clearly 
covered by the discovery requests that was not produced. In particular, I was informed that there 
exists email correspondence between Matthew Menchel who was working at the United States 
Attorney's Office and Lilly Ann Sanchez, an Epstein attorney. Additionally, I was told that there 
exists a significant amount of correspondence between the United States Attorney's Office 
and/or other components of the Justice Department and Ken Starr, another Epstein attorney. 
I am writing to ask you whether the report I received is correct and, if so, why this 
information was not produced. My clients made significant financial decisions based, in part, on 
the fact that Epstein was not concealing other information responsive to discovery requests. 
Accordingly, they may have been seriously harmed if the report is correct. Before we proceed 
on this information that appears to be a clear obstruction of justice committed by Epstein and 
most likely several of his attorneys we wanted to hear your side of this story. 
If that 
correspondence was not turned over inadvertently then you have an ethical obligation to inform 
the Court of your client's mistake and to provide my office with the additional discovery to allow 
for my office to review those materials and determine whether my client was prejudiced by your 
client's failure to respond completely to our discovery requests and the Court's Order that 
compelled that production. 
Thank you in advance for your prompt response to this letter. 
Very truly yours, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
~--~~ 
Bradley J. Edwards 
BJE:mwk 
