METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Doe v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-11869 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 030.pdf
----------------------------------------
Troutman Sanders LLP 
875 Third Avenue 
New York, New York  10022 
troutman.com 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com 
June 1, 2020 
ECF 
Hon. Debra C. Freeman 
Thurgood Marshall 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
Re:
VE, 1:19-cv-07625-AJN-DCF; Katlyn Doe, 1:19-cv-07771-PKC-DCF; Priscilla Doe, 
1:19-cv-07772-ALC-DCF; Lisa Doe, 1:19-cv-07773-ER-DCF; Anastasia Doe, 1:19-cv-
11869-MKV-DCF
Dear Judge Freeman: 
We represent Defendants in the above-referenced actions.  We write on behalf of all parties to 
update the Court regarding settlement and discovery.   
As the Court is aware, there have been no settlement discussions in any of the individual 
above-referenced cases.  The parties’ efforts regarding settlement have been singularly focused 
on the establishment of a voluntary, independent claims resolution program, the Epstein 
Victims’ Compensation Program.  We are pleased to report that, this past weekend, the Co-
Executors entered into a tripartite agreement with claimants’ counsel (specifically, counsel for 
Plaintiffs in the above-referenced actions, Brad Edwards, and counsel for plaintiffs in four other 
actions pending before Your Honor, David Boies) and the Attorney General of the United States 
Virgin Islands pursuant to which the Program may now move forward.  Earlier today, the Co-
Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein filed in the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands the 
status report attached hereto as Exhibit A.  As stated therein, the Co-Executors, with the 
support of claimants’ counsel and the USVI Attorney General, intend to authorize 
commencement of the Program on Monday, June 15, 2020. Most, if not all, of the Plaintiffs in 
the above-referenced actions intend to participate in the Program. 
Meanwhile, the parties continue to meet and confer in efforts to resolve various discovery 
disputes.   
Thank you for your attention to this matter.  
Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 1 of 20
troutmariP 
sanders 

June 1, 2020 
Page 2
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Bennet J. Moskowitz 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 2 of 20
troutman1' 
sanders 

EXHIBIT A 
Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 3 of 20

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 4 of 20
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
-
~ 
C?. 
~ 
_,\ 
IN THE MATTER OF THE EST ATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
PROBATE NO. ST-19-PB-80 
Deceased. 
)) 
-------------------
ACTION FOR TESTATE 
ADMINISTRATION 
CO-EXECUTORS' STATUS REPORT ON VO LUNT ARY COMPENSATION 
PROGRAM AND PRESENTATION OF PROGRAM PROTOCOL 
On November 14, 2019, the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the "Co-
Executors") filed their Expedited Motion for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution 
Program (the "Expedited Motion") seeking to establish an independent and voluntary claims 
resolution program (the .. Program") for purposes of resolving sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey 
E. Epstein, deceased. As promised in the Expedited Motion, the Co-Executors now submit to the 
Court the detailed Program protocol (the "Protocol," copy attached as Exhibit A hereto) designed 
and developed over several months by independent, nationally recognized claims administration 
experts with extensive input from the Co-Executors and other interested parties, including 
claimants and their legal representatives. Because the need for the Program has grown increasingly 
urgent and with the support of claimants' counsel and the Attorney General of the United States 
Virgin Islands, the Co-Executors intend to authorize commencement on Monday, June 15, 2020 
of formal claims resolution proceedings under the Program, absent contrary direction from the 
Court. 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 5 of 20
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Compensation Program 
and Presentation of Program Protocol 
I. 
BACKGROUND 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 2 
As detailed in the Expedited Motion and the Co-Executors' subsequent filings with the 
Court, the Program will provide all eligible claimants an opportunity to receive compensation and 
voluntarily resolve their claims of sexual abuse against Mr. Epstein through a confidential, non-
adversarial alternative to litigation, utilizing a process that is sensitive to the experiences and 
concern of claimants and treats them with compassion, dignity and respect. 1 
On February 4, 2020, the Court heard extensive witness testimony concerning the Program 
(February 4, 2020 Hearing Tr. at I 03: 12-186: 14); at that hearing, multiple claimants' counsel also 
spoke in favor of implementing the Program. (Id. 84: 11-85:2; 85:6-19; 92:24-93:8.) As Your 
Honor recognized, the Program is not only consistent with the fiduciary duties of the Co-
Executors, but in fact " ... we agreed that everybody believes this program is a great program ... " 
(Id. at 113:24-25.) That drumbeat of approval continues to swell; since the Co-Executors' most 
recent filing with the Court concerning the Program,2 counsel for 69 individual claimants have 
come forward to the Court in support of the Program.3 
I. F.xpediled Motion at 1; see also Co-Executors' Request for Ruling on E.xpediled Motion for Establishment of a 
Voluntary Claims Resolution Program (filed December 4, 2019); Co-Executors' Request for Immediate Hearing 
or Conference Regarding F.xpedited Motion for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution Program (filed 
December 13, 2019); Co-Executors' Reply to Creditor Jane Doe's Response to Co-Executors' Expedited Motion 
for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution Program (filed January 15, 2020); Co-Executors' Reply to 
Government's Opposition to Estate's Motion for Establishment ofa Voluntary Claims Resolution Program (filed 
January 31, 2020); Co-Executors' Status Report on Continuing Efforts to Establish Voluntary Compensation 
Program and Request for Ruling (filed March 24, 2020); Co-Executors' Corrections to Attorney General's Status 
Report on Voluntary Compensation Program and Renewed Request for Ruling (filed April 10, 2020). 
2. Co-Executors' Notice of Related Filing, dated April 17, 2020 (attaching Co-Executors' correspondence with 
claimants' New York counsel concerning commencement of the Program). 
3. See Status Report from Claimants dated April 20, 2020 (urging on behalf of 12 claimants that "the Program can 
and should proceed without delay"); Status Report from Claimants dated April 21, 2020 (stating on behalf of 5 
claimants that "permitting the Program to proceed would be in the best interests of the victims at this time"); 
Motion for Status Conference Regarding the Victim Compensation Program dated April 28, 2020 (seeking on 
behalf of 52 claimants an Order "permitting the Program to proceed as agreed amongst the parties"). 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 6 of 20
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 3 
Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Compensation Program 
and Presentation of Program Protocol 
II. 
THE PROGRAM PROTOCOL 
The Program Administrator and Designers have now finalized the Protocol for the 
Program, in close consultation with claimants' counsel and the Co-Executors.4 As contemplated 
in the Expedited Motion, the Protocol sets forth the following non-exclusive guiding principles: 
• 
The Program is purely voluntary. It does not affect any rights a claimant may 
have unless and until she accepts the offered compensation and executes a 
release. 
A claimant may reject the offer of compensation and may stop 
participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time prior to 
execution of the release. 
• 
The Program is independent and will in no way be administered, controlled, or 
overseen by the Co-Executors. The Program Administrator is responsible for 
all decisions relating to the review, processing and evaluation of individual 
claims submitted to the Program. The Administrator will have final, binding, 
and exclusive authority to determine claimant eligibility and the valuation of 
each eligible individual claim. Decisions of the Administrator made pursuant 
to the Protocol are not subject to review or modification in any way by the Co-
Executors or any other party or entity. 
• 
Subject to total Estate assets available, there is no cap or limitation on the 
aggregate amount of funds available to compensate all eligible claimants or on 
the amount of compensation to be made to each individual claimant. Each 
individual claim will be evaluated separately by the Program Administrator. 
The Administrator will determine, in her sole and exclusive discretion, issues 
of eligibility and the amount of compensation and the Estate will pay all eligible 
claims based on the Administrator's determination. 
• 
All claimants will be treated with respect, dignity, and fairness without regard 
to race, color, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, gender, or disability. 
To ensure claims will be adjudicated fairly, the Program Administrator will 
manage the process so that all claimants can equally access the Program's claim 
process. 
Individuals with disabilities will be given the opportunity to 
effectively communicate their claims and to request special process 
accommodations. 
(See Protocol at pp. 1-2.) 
4. The Attorney General of the U.S. Virgin Islands also expressed her detailed views on the structure and formation 
of the Program, both through filings with the Court and direct communications with the Program Administrator. 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 7 of 20
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Compensation Program 
and Presentation of Program Protocol 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page4 
The Protocol also sets forth detailed aspects of the Program's administration, including 
eligibility criteria for the Program, proof requirements and claims procedures, the methodology 
for claims evaluation and determining compensatory awards, and timing and regular reports to the 
Court, as follows: 
• 
Eligibility. The Protocol identifies the criteria to determine whether a claimant 
is eligible to receive compensation under the Program. (See Protocol at pp. 3-
4.) 
• 
Proof Requirements and Claims Procedures. The Protocol determines what 
types of supporting documentation or other evidence each individual will be 
required to submit to substantiate her claim, satisfy Program requirements, and 
allow the Program Administrator to review, process and evaluate that claim. 
(See Protocol at pp. 4-5.) 
• 
Claims Evaluation and Determination Methodology. The Protocol defines 
the factors and considerations to be used to determine the amount of 
compensation to be offered to any eligible claimant. (See Protocol at pp. 5-6.) 
• 
Timing. The Protocol sets forth the timeframe of the Program, including an 
effective commencement date and deadline for submission of all claims. (See 
Protocol at pp. 4-5.) 
• 
Reporting. The Protocol reflects the Program Administrator's commitment to 
provide the Court with regular monthly reports regarding the aggregate number 
and total value of claims paid each month through the Program. (See Protocol 
at p. 9.) 
III. 
URGENT NEED TO COMMENCE OF PROGRAM OPERA TIO NS 
In their fiduciary capacity, the Co-Executors engaged in extensive discussions with 
relevant parties in interest regarding the independent, fair, and timely resolution of the sexual abuse 
claims against Mr. Epstein. As noted above, many existing and potential claimants have expressed 
through their representatives their preference to participate in the Program rather than proceeding 
with litigation. Although there will be significant expense in administering the Program, the Co-
Executors contemplate that the Program will substantially reduce the expenses to the Estate of 
litigating multiple lawsuits in numerous jurisdictions, and thus ultimately reduce expenses to the 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 8 of 20
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Compensation Program 
and Presentation of Program Protocol 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page5 
benefit of all parties with an interest in the Estate, including claimants and creditors. 5 The 
expedited nature of the Program will also ensure resolution and compensation to claimants in a far 
more timely manner than through litigation. 
As described above, the Protocol is designed to ensure the proportionate restitution of 
approved claims for all claimants, in a manner that will provide similar compensation to similarly 
situated claimants. The Program is in the best interests of both claimants and the Estate because, 
among other things, it avoids the potential of disproportionate and inconsistent awards and should 
help to reduce the time, exposure and burden of handling claims through the courts, which could 
involve years of litigation and appeals and consume enormous resources, along with inflicting on 
all affected parties costs attendant to delay and uncertainty. 
IV. 
FUNDING FOR THE PROGRAM 
As the Court is aware, the Attorney General on January 31, 2020 unilaterally imposed 
criminal activity liens on the Estate's bank account in the Virgin Islands, freezing then-available 
funds - funds over which this Court has exclusive jurisdiction - for administration of the Estate 
and implementation of the Program.6 On February 24, 2020, the Attorney General imposed similar 
liens against Southern Trust Company, Inc., one of the entities within the Estate. The Co-
Executors have challenged the validity of the Attorney General's liens, and moved the Superior 
5. 
In the absence of the Program, litigation alleging sexual abuse by Mr. Epstein has increased in scope, pace and 
expense: there are now 22 separate lawsuits brought by 34 individual claimants pending against the Co-
Executors, primarily in the state and federal courts of New York. Discovery proceedings in those actions -
including document demands, interrogatories, non-party subpoenas, and motions to compel -
continue to ratchet 
up each passing week. 
6. 
Following the Co-Executors' resulting emergency motion for release of funds necessary for administration of the 
Estate, the Court directed the Attorney General to lift her liens in amounts sufficient to allow the Co-Executors 
to pay the Estate's operational expenses and legal fees. 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 9 of 20
&!ale of Jeffrey E. Epslein 
Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Compensation Program 
and Presentation of Program Protocol 
Probale No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page6 
Court to vacate them in their entirety.7 However, pending detennination of that motion - as well 
as this Court's approval of the estimated budget for and expenses of designing, implementing and 
administering the Program, submitted by the Co-Executors on February 4, 2020 - the Co-
Executors and the Attorney General have reached consensual resolution in which the latter will 
promptly lift those liens to pay amounts owed for the Program and to begin funding of the 
Program's active operations, including payment of compensation determinations to eligible 
claimants. 8 
* 
* 
* 
* 
Because the need for the Program has grown increasingly urgent, and with the support of 
claimants' counsel and the USVI Attorney General - and because the remaining impediments have 
been resolved and the interested parties have consented to the Protocol attached as Exhibit A hereto 
-the Co-Executors intend to move forward with the Program on Monday, June 15, 2020, absent 
contrary direction from the Court.9 
Dated: June I, 2020 
Respectfully, 
Isl Christopher Allen Krob/in 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ. 
WILLIAM L. BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D' ANDRADE, ESQ. 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
7. See Expedited Motion to Vacate Liens, dated March 17, 2020 (Government of the U.S. Virgin Islands vs. Jndyke, 
et al., Case No. ST•20-CV-14). The Attorney General filed no response to that expedited motion. 
8. 
As part of that resolution, the Co-Executors agreed not to assert that the Attorney General's release of such limited 
funds will act as a waiver of Government's ability, if any, to object to the Program's administrative expenses, 
including those paid with these initial funds. 
9. 
The Co-Executors recognize the extraordinary difficulties imposed by the coronavirus pandemic on the 
functioning of the courts of the Virgin Islands. To the extent the Court wishes to conduct a remote conference in 
this matter, either telephonically or via videolink, the Co-Executors and their counsel will of course make 
themselves available. 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 10 of 20
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Compensation Program 
and Presentation of Program Protocol 
Probate No. ST-!9-PB-80 
Page7 
V.I. Bar Nos. 136,966, 1221 & R2019 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite IO J 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 3 J 6-9269 
Email: wblum@solblum.com 
ckrobl in@kel I fer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 11 of 20
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Compensation Program 
and Presentation of Program Protocol 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page8 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this I st day of June 2020, I caused a true and exact copy 
of the foregoing Co-Executors' Status Report on Voluntary Claims Resolution Program and 
Presentation of Program Protocol to be served via electronic mail upon: 
John H. Benham, Esq. 
Law Office of John H. Benham, P.C. 
P.O. Box 11720 
St. Thomas, VI 00801 
john@benhamlawvi.com 
Douglas B. Chanco, Esq. 
ChancoSchiffer P.C. 
3355 Lenox Road, Suite 750 
Atlanta, GA 30326 
doug@csjirm.com 
Richard Boume-Vanneck, Esq. 
Law Offices of Richard Boume-Vanneck 
9800 Buccaneer Mall Suite #9 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 . 
richard@rpvblawofjices.com 
John K. Dema 
Law Offices of John K. Dema 
1236 Strand Street, Suite 103 
St. Croix, VI 
jdema@_;<lemalaw.com 
Denise N. George, Esq. 
Attorney General 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Chief, Civil Division 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
34-38 Krondprinsdens Gade 
GERS Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00804 
denise.george@doj.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@fio).vi.gov 
A. Jeffrey Weiss, Esq. 
A.J. Weiss & Associates 
6934 Vessup Lane 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
jeffweiss@weisslaw-vi.net 
Sean Foster, Esq. 
Marjorie Rawls Roberts, P.C. 
P.O. Box 6347 
St. Thomas, VI 00804 
sean@_,marjorierobertspc.com 
Kevin F. D' Amour 
Gaylin Vogel, Esq. 
5143 Palm Passage, 18b & t 9b 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
kevin. damour@comcast.net 
gay/in. vogel@comcast.net 
Melody D. Westfall, Esq. 
Westfall Law PLLC 
5032 Anchor Way, Suite 8 
Christiansted, St. Croix 00820 
mwestfall@westfalllaw.com 
Kevin Boyle, Esq. (Pro Hae Vice) 
Robert Glassman, Esq. (Pro Hae Vice) 
PANISH SHEA & BOYLE LLP 
11111 Santa Monica Blvd., Ste. 700 
Los Angeles, CA 90025 
boyle@psblaw.com 
glassman@.,,psblaw.com 
Isl Shari N. D'Andrade 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 12 of 20
Independent 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
PROTOCOL 
May 29, 2020 
I. 
PURPOSE AND OVERVIEW 
The Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (the "Program") is a voluntary, independent Program that 
has been established to compensate and resolve the claims of victims-survivors of sexual abuse by 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). 
The Estate of Jeffrey Epstein (the "Estate") has retained the services of nationally recognized claims 
administration experts Kenneth R. Feinberg, Camille S. Biros and Jordana H. Feldman to design the 
Program. Ms. Feldman will also serve as the Administrator of the Program (the "Administrator"). This 
Protocol reflects input from victims-survivors, their lawyers, other potentially interested parties, and 
representatives of the Estate. 
Through the Program, the Estate wishes to acknowledge the wrongs endured by victims-survivors and 
offer them an opportunity to voluntarily resolve their individual claims for such sexual abuse. 
The Program is governed by the following non-exclusive guiding principles: 
• 
The Program is purely voluntary. It does not affect any rights a Claimant may have 
unless and until the Claimant accepts the offered compensation and executes a 
Release. 
A Claimant may reject the offer of compensation and may stop 
participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time prior to execution 
of the Release. 
• 
The Program is independent and will in no way be administered, controlled or 
overseen by the Estate. The Administrator is responsible for all decisions relating to 
the review, processing and evaluation of individual claims submitted to the 
Program. The Administrator will have final, binding and exclusive authority to 
determine Claimant eligibility and the valuation of each eligible individual claim. 
Decisions of the Administrator made pursuant to this Protocol are not subject to 
review or modification in any way by the Estate or any other party or entity. 
• 
There is no cap or limitation on the aggregate amount of funds available to 
compensate all eligible Claimants or on the amount of compensation to be made to 
each individual Claimant. Each individual claim will be evaluated separately by the 
Administrator. 
The Administrator will determine, in her sole and exclusive 
discretion, issues of eligibility and the amount of compensation and the Estate will 
pay all eligible claims based on the Administrator's determination. 
ll Page 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 13 of 20
• 
All Claimants will be treated with respect, dignity and fairness without regard to 
race, color, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, gender or disability. To 
ensure claims will be adjudicated fairly, the Administrator will manage the process 
so that all Claimants can equally access the Program's claim process. Individuals 
with disabilities will be given the opportunity to effectively communicate their 
claims and to request special process accommodations. 
The Program is available to all victims-survivors regardless of where they were harmed, when they were 
harmed, whether the claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations, and whether they 
have previously filed a lawsuit against or settled with Epstein and/or the Estate. 
The exclusive claims period for filing a claim pursuant to this Protocol shall commence on the to-be-
determined Effective Date and shall conclude nine (9) months after that date ("Filing Deadline"). All 
individual claims filed with the Program must be filed within this period. 
To complement the Program's resources, the Administrator will, at her discretion and with the consent 
of the Claimant, consult with Professor Marci A. Hamilton, a nationally recognized sexual abuse expert, 
leading legal academic and advocate of victims' rights. Ms. Hamilton's role will be to further inform the 
Administrator and her staff about the dynamics of sexual abuse, common responses to sexual abuse, 
and the impact of sexual abuse on victims; to serve as a resource for the Administrator in developing or 
updating policies and procedures; to advise the Administrator regarding sensitivities involved in 
interactions with victims; and to serve as a referral source for the Administrator in providing post-
determination information to claimants who seek guidance, counseling or other services. 
The 
Administrator may, at her discretion and with the Claimant's prior written consent, request that Ms. 
Hamilton review an individual claimant file. The Administrator will determine on a case-by-case basis, in 
her discretion, the need to anonymize individual claimants' files before sharing them with Ms. Hamilton. 
As set forth above, the Administrator is solely responsible for all decisions relating to the administration 
of the Program, including the review, processing, evaluation, and determination of individual claims 
submitted to the Program. 
During the term of the Program, Ms. Hamilton will not meet or speak with a Claimant or her 
representatives concerning any aspect of the Program without the Administrator present. Ms. Hamilton 
will maintain in strict confidence and will not disclose outside the Program any information she obtains 
through her participation in the Program, including individual Claimants' submissions. 
2 1Page 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 14 of 20
II. 
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS 
A. Eligibility Criteria 
The persons eligible to participate in this Program are individuals who allege they were sexually abused 
by Epstein. In addition, the following criteria apply: 
• 
The claim of sexual abuse must be directed against Epstein. 
• 
An individual whose claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations may 
participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are met. 
• 
An individual who previously entered into a settlement agreement resolving a claim of sexual 
abuse against Epstein may participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are 
met. 
• 
An individual who allegedly assisted Epstein in procuring other victims-survivors may 
participate in the Program where there is a credible basis to determine that the individual 
acted under duress as a result of her own sexual abuse by Epstein, provided that other 
eligibility criteria are met. 
• 
If the Claimant chooses to accept the offered compensation, the Claimant must dismiss with 
prejudice any existing lawsuits, legal actions or claims filed against the Estate or related entities 
and/or related individuals. The Claimant must provide proof of such dismissal along with or 
prior to the signed acceptance of the compensation determination offer letter and executed 
Release in order to receive payment. 
B. Legal Representatives of Claimants 
An individual may file a claim on a victim's behalf where that individual has been granted legal authority 
to act in a representative capacity pursuant to appropriate law. The "Legal Representative" of an 
individual Claimant shall mean: (1) in the case of a Claimant who is currently a minor, a parent or legal 
guardian authorized by law to serve as the minor's legal representative; (2) in the case of an 
incompetent or legally incapacitated Claimant, a person who has been duly appointed as the Claimant's 
legal representative in accordance with applicable law; {3) in the case of a deceased Claimant, a person 
who has been duly appointed to act as the personal representative of the Claimant's estate by a court of 
competent jurisdiction and is authorized to file and compromise a claim; or (4) an attorney authorized to 
represent the Claimant for purposes of pursuing a claim through this Program. 
Legal Representatives must provide proper documentation demonstrating representative capacity. Such 
proof may include a power of attorney; documentation showing the individual's appointment as 
guardian or guardian ad litem; documentation showing the individual's appointment as personal 
representative of the Claimant's estate (such as letters of administration); a copy of a retainer 
3I Page 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 15 of 20
agreement showing legal representation signed by both the Claimant and the attorney or a signed 
statement by an adult Claimant and the attorney that a licensed/admitted attorney is acting on her 
behalf. 
Ill. 
CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION - SUBMISSION, EVALUATION ANO DETERMINATION 
A. Claims Submission Process 
Individuals who have filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate or have 
otherwise been identified as a victim of Epstein by their attorney to the Administrator on or before the 
Effective Date will be sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information, including Instructions 
for completion and submission of the Claim Form and a copy of this Protocol. Individuals who have filed 
a lawsuit need not agree to a stay of litigation or make any other concession in any pending litigation to 
be eligible to participate in the Program. Likewise, individuals who have not yet filed a lawsuit remain 
free to file a lawsuit and engage in litigation concurrently with participation in the Program. Individuals 
must, however, dismiss with prejudice any and all existing lawsuits, legal actions and claims prior to or at 
the time of acceptance of a compensation determination offer in order to receive payment. 
Individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate or have 
not otherwise been identified as a victim of Epstein by their attorney to the Administrator on or before 
the Effective Date may register to participate in this Program on the Program's website at 
www.EpsteinVCP.com. To register, such individuals must complete a questionnaire setting forth their 
name, contact information, a summary description of the nature of the claim and other requested 
information. Upon registration, the Administrator will perform a preliminary review to consider if the 
individual is eligible to participate in the Program. If the Administrator deems that the individual is 
eligible to participate in the Program, she will then send that individual a Claim Form and other relevant 
Program information. 
Note: The fact that an individual is sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information indicates 
that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to participate in the Program. It 
does not indicate that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to receive 
compensation. That determination is made only after a Claim Form and all required documentation has 
been submitted and evaluated by the Administrator. 
Registrations for individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the 
Estate or have not otherwise been identified as a victim of Jeffrey Epstein by their attorney to the 
Administrator on or before the Effective Date will be accepted by the Administrator from the Effective 
Date through a date that is 45 days prior to the Filing Deadline ("Registration Deadline"). It is important 
to note that the Registration Deadline is separate from, and precedes, the Filing Deadline. As explained 
above, all claims must be filed by the Filing Deadline. 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 16 of 20
All Claim Forms must be completed to the best of a Claimant's ability and filed no later than the Filing 
Deadline. Claim Forms should be uploaded to the Program website at www.EpsteinVCP.com. or mailed 
via overnight courier (a pre-paid courier voucher will be included with each packet) to the Administrator 
at the following address: 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
Attn: Jordana H. Feldman, Administrator 
P.O. Box 65488 
Washington, D.C. 20035 
Claimants are invited to provide documentation identified in the Claim Form, and any other 
corroborating or supporting information sufficient to substantiate the claim, satisfy eligibility 
requirements, and allow the Administrator to review, process and evaluate the claim. If the claim is 
being presented by a Legal Representative, then the Legal Representative will be responsible for 
submitting the necessary documentation relating to the represented Claimant. 
Additional documentation may be requested at the discretion of the Administrator. Both the Claimant 
and the Estate will be afforded the opportunity to submit to the Administrator any information deemed 
relevant to the Administrator's evaluation and determination of the claim before the Administrator's 
final disposition of the claim. 
If a Claimant submits an incomplete or deficient claim, the Administrator will notify the Claimant, 
explain the additional information that is needed, and work with the Claimant or the Claimant's legal 
Representative (where applicable) to assist in submitting a complete claim. 
B. Claims Evaluation and Determination 
Claims will be evaluated in the order in which they are received, with the Administrator evaluating each 
submitted individual claim in a prompt and fair manner. Claims will only be determined once all 
required documentation has been submitted to the Administrator, with due consideration granted to 
Claimant's good faith explanations for delays and/or absence of documentation. 
1. Factors Considered in Evaluating Claims 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, whether the allegations of sexual abuse are credible. The Administrator will 
consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited to: 
• 
The level of documentation, corroboration or other circumstantial evidence regarding the 
nature and extent of the abuse, the frequency, location and other details of the abuse, and the 
age of the victim at the time of the abuse. Non-exhaustive examples of such evidence include 
(i) medical or psychiatric counseling/therapy records relevant to the abuse, and 
(ii) contemporaneous written notification or other correspondence (e.g., letters, emails) of the 
abuse by the Claimant to law enforcement authorities, parents, friends or others. 
The 
Administrator acknowledges that some Claimants may not be able to provide any 
SI Page 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 17 of 20
documentation to corroborate their Claim based on the nature and circumstances of Epstein's 
conduct. If a Claimant's written and oral presentation is deemed to be credible by the 
Administrator, the Claimant may still be eligible for compensation under the Program. 
• 
Whether there exists any information and/or pertinent findings offered by the appropriate 
Office of the District Attorney, United States Attorney's Office, or other law enforcement 
agency. 
• 
Whether the Administrator finds the claims of the individual to be credible after complete 
review of all relevant documentation and other evidence provided by the Claimant and the 
Estate. 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, the amount of compensation that should be offered to each eligible Claimant. 
The Administrator will consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited 
to: 
• 
The nature, duration and extent of the sexual abuse suffered by the Claimant. 
• 
The age of the Claimant at the time of the sexual abuse. 
• 
The nature and extent of the Claimant's physical or psychological damage resulting from the 
sexual abuse, and the effect of the sexual abuse on the Claimant. 
• 
The credibility of the claim based upon all of the facts and circumstances, supporting 
documentation and corroborating evidence. 
• 
Whether the Claimant previously entered into a settlement agreement with Epstein and 
received a payment pursuant to such agreement. 
The Administrator will confidentially send the Claimant a compensation determination offer letter 
including the following: (1) the Administrator's eligibility decision regarding the claim; (2) the amount of 
compensation offered; (3) a Release to be signed by the Claimant if the Claimant accepts the offered 
compensation; and (4) a Payment Option Form. The Administrator's offer shall be valid for 60 days from 
the date of the compensation determination offer letter. 
The Administrator's determinations in this Program will not be binding on any potential criminal 
investigation involving Claimant's claims. 
2. Opportunities to be Heard 
The Claimant will be afforded an opportunity to be heard, either before or after the Administrator 
renders her determination. Upon request by the Claimant, the Administrator will be available to meet in 
person (as practicable in light of the COVI0-19 pandemic), by video conference, or by teleconference to 
further discuss the claim. These meetings are completely optional and voluntary. Requests to meet 
GI Page 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 18 of 20
with the Administrator should be sent by email to ClaimantServices@EpsteinVCP.com and will be 
scheduled at a mutually convenient time and location. The Administrator may also request a meeting 
with a Claimant or her Legal Representative at a reasonable mutually convenient time and location, 
though the Claimant is not obligated to attend any such meeting. 
3. Release 
By submitting a claim to the Program, a Claimant is seeking to resolve all claims relating to allegations 
of sexual abuse against Epstein and/or the Estate, and related entities and individuals as set forth in the 
Release. If a Claimant chooses to accept the offer of compensation pursuant to the Program, the 
Claimant will be required to sign and execute a full Release, in a form satisfactory to the Estate, of all 
past and future claims (including /is pendens, writs of attachment, etc.) relating to such allegations of 
sexual abuse against the Estate, related entities and/or related individuals. A Claimant may reject the 
offer of compensation and may stop participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time 
prior to the execution of the Release. 
The Release will waive any rights the Claimant and her heirs, descendants, legatees or beneficiaries 
may have to assert any claims relating to allegations of sexual abuse against the Estate, related 
entities and/or related individuals, to file an individual legal action relating to such allegations, or to 
participate in any civil legal action associated with such allegations, except as a witness. However, 
the Release will not operate to preclude or limit the Claimant's ability to report and discuss 
allegations of sexual abuse with law enforcement officials or anyone else. 
In other words, the 
Release will not impose any rules of confidentiality on claimants, who are expressly permitted to 
discuss their allegations without restriction, should they choose. 
Before signing a Release, the Claimant must consult with an attorney selected by the Claimant. If the 
Claimant is not represented by an attorney, the Program will provide an attorney to provide free legal 
counseling to the Claimant for the sole purpose of advising the Claimant concerning the language and 
binding nature of the Release. 
No one affiliated with the Program will provide tax or legal advice to those receiving payments under 
the Program. Claimants are urged to consult with a tax advisor concerning any questions regarding 
tax liability for payments pursuant to the Program. 
4. Payments 
Upon the Claimant's acceptance of the Administrator's determination, the Administrator's receipt of 
the Claimant's executed Release and, where applicable, dismissal with prejudice of any existing 
lawsuit, legal actions or claims against the Estate or related entities and/or related individuals, the 
Administrator will initiate payment by check or electronic funds transfer to each eligible Claimant as 
directed by the Claimant. 
Checks will be sent to Claimants via overnight courier service. 
All 
payments made under the Program shall be for a Claimant's physical injuries, physical sickness and 
71 Page 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 19 of 20
resulting emotional distress within the meaning of Section 104(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
C. Program Integrity 
For the purpose of protecting both the integrity of the Program and financial resources for eligible 
Claimants, the Administrator will institute all necessary measures to prevent payment of fraudulent 
claims, including taking steps to verify claims and analyze submissions for inconsistencies, 
irregularities or duplication. 
Each Claimant who signs the Claim Form at the time of submission certifies that the information 
provided in the Claim Form is true and accurate to the best of the Claimant's knowledge, and that the 
Claimant understands that false statements or claims made in connection with such submission may 
result in fines, imprisonment and/or any other remedy available by law. Claims that appear to be 
potentially fraudulent or to contain information known by the Claimant to be false when made will be 
forwarded to federal, state or local law enforcement agencies and/or the appropriate Office of the 
District Attorney and/or United States Attorney's Office for possible investigation and prosecution. 
D. Confidentiality/Privacy 
The Program is confidential. 1 By filing a claim with the Program, the Claimant or her Legal 
Representative (where applicable) agrees that information submitted by the Claimant pursuant to 
the Program will be used and/or disclosed by the Administrator and her designees only for the 
following purposes: 
I) Processing and evaluating the Claimant's claim; 
2) Administering the Program and other Program-related work; and 
3) Reports to law enforcement where appropriate, related to potentially fraudulent claims. 
When documents or other information maintained or submitted by the Estate become part of a 
Claimant's file for purposes of the Program, such materials will be reviewed by the Administrator to 
assist in processing and evaluating the claim, but will otherwise remain confidential. No information 
provided by Claimants will be provided to the Estate except for the Claimant's name and the date(s) 
and location{s) of the alleged abuse, for the sole purpose of processing and evaluating the claim and, 
for purposes of the Release, the names of any other individual(s) to whom or by whom the Claimant 
alleges she was trafficked or sexually abused. The Estate has agreed that no information obtained 
solely through the Program will be disclosed publicly or used by the Estate in defending itself from any 
claim, regardless of forum. The Program's files are not available for inspection, review or copying by 
the Estate or the Claimant or her representatives during or after the Program, and all pertinent 
mediation privileges, settlement privileges and other privileges apply. 
1 All parties agree that they are using the services of a third-party administrator to help reach a resolution of individual claims 
of sexual abuse, and that this Program is entitled to confidentiality, privileges (mediation, settlement and all other pertinent 
privileges), and protection from disclosure under applicable law. 
SI Page 

Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 30     Filed 06/01/20     Page 20 of 20
To protect the privacy of Claimants participating in the Program, all personal information provided by 
the Claimant during this process will be returned or destroyed within one year after the conclusion of 
the Program. 
Individual Claimants are not bound through the Program by any rules of confidentiality. Claimants may, 
at their sole and voluntary option, disclose information in their possession regarding their claim, their 
compensation and their experience with the Program. 
All confidentiality requirements are subject to law, regulation and judicial process. 
E. Reporting 
The Administrator shall, on a monthly basis, confidentially provide reports regarding the number and 
total value of claims paid each month to the Probate Court of the United States Virgin Islands and the 
Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands. Such reports will report on an aggregate level 
only. No individual Claimant information will be published or disclosed in a way that compromises 
Claimant confidentiality. 
9 1Page 
