METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\United States v. Epstein, No. 119-cr-00490 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 006.pdf
----------------------------------------
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
July 11, 2019 
 
VIA ECF 
The Honorable Richard M. Berman 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
(212) 805-6715 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
 
 
RE: 
United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, Criminal No. 19-490 
 
Dear Judge Berman: 
 
 
We write to outline the grounds entitling Jeffrey Epstein to pretrial release, proposing a 
stringent set of conditions that will effectively guarantee his appearance and abate any 
conceivable danger he’s claimed to present. 
 
 
In essence, the government seeks to remand a self-made New York native and lifelong 
American resident based on dated allegations for which he was already convicted and punished – 
conduct the relitigation of which is barred by a prior federal nonprosecution agreement (the 
“NPA”). The government makes this drastic demand even though Mr. Epstein has never once 
attempted to flee the United States – despite a Florida federal judge’s stated belief that he could 
void the NPA in appropriate circumstances, possibly threatening new charges there, and 
notwithstanding legally erroneous government assertions in ancillary litigation that Mr. Epstein 
was subject to potential prosecution in other federal judicial districts, including this one 
specifically. Indeed, Mr. Epstein feared the toxic political climate might tempt the government to 
try and end-run the NPA – yet continually returned home from travel abroad, fully prepared to 
vindicate his rights under the agreement and otherwise mount a full-throated defense.  Finally, 
the government takes its extreme position in the teeth of Mr. Epstein’s perfect compliance with 
onerous sex offender registration requirements – pinpointing his exact nightly whereabouts – 
across multiple jurisdictions over a 10-year period.  
 
 
 
Reid Weingarten 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036 
212 506 3900 main 
212 506 3955 direct 
www.steptoe.com 
rweingarten@steptoe.com 
 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 1 of 16
SteQtoe 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON LLP 

2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nonetheless, it is fundamental that pretrial detention is reserved for “a small but 
identifiable group of particularly dangerous defendants as to whom neither the imposition of 
stri[ct] release conditions nor the prospect of revocation of release can reasonably assure the 
safety of the community or other persons.” S. Rep. No. 98-225, at 6-7 (1984), reprinted in 1984 
U.S.C.C.A.N. 3182, 3189. And that’s true no matter how much rhetoric and hyperbole the 
government and media pile on a presumptively innocent citizen. Popular condemnation aside, 
compelling legal issues stand between Mr. Epstein and any possible conviction on the allegations 
of conduct from 14 to 17 years ago pressed in the indictment. Importantly, the Bail Reform Act, 
18 U.S.C. § 3141 et seq., authorizes release for even wealthy defendants facing serious charges 
who travel and own property abroad.   
   
 
The government’s indictment labels this a “Sex Trafficking” case.  Yes, the government 
may have witnesses who will testify to participating in sexual massages – most over 18; some 
under; some who told the police they lied about their age to gain admission to Mr. Epstein’s 
residence; some who will testify that Mr. Epstein knew they were not yet 18.1  But their 
anticipated testimony only punctuates the alleged offenses’ purely local nature. (All occurred 
within a single New York residence or, if the Florida conduct is ultimately ruled admissible 
despite the NPA, then within two residences.)  There are no allegations in the indictment that Mr. 
Epstein trafficked anybody for commercial profit; that he forced, coerced, defrauded, or enslaved 
anybody; or that he engaged in any of the other paradigmatic sex trafficking activity that 18 
U.S.C. § 1591 aims to eradicate.  No one seeks to minimize the gravity of the alleged conduct, 
but it is clear that the conduct falls within the heartland of classic state or local sex offenses – 
and at or outside the margins of federal criminal law. 
 
 
Mr. Epstein, 66, is a U.S. citizen who’s lived his entire life in this country. Born and bred 
in Coney Island, he worked his way up from humble origins – his father was a New York City 
municipal employee in the Parks Department – and earned every penny he’s made with nothing 
more than a high school diploma. He speaks only English and knows no other languages. He 
owns no foreign businesses and holds no foreign bank accounts. Five of the six residences he 
maintains are located here in America. His brother, niece, and nephew all live here too. 
 
 
Until his arrest in this case, Mr. Epstein’s only notable brush with the law resulted in the 
2007 NPA (Exhibit 1) and a 2008 state-court guilty plea required by the NPA for conduct 
substantially overlapping the conduct charged in the pending indictment.  As a result of the state 
guilty plea, Mr. Epstein received a 30-month sentence, 18 months of incarceration, and 12 
months’ probation under conditions including home confinement.  Mr. Epstein served 13 months 
in custody, 12 months on probation and, as a condition of the NPA and his state sentence, was 
required to register as a sex offender in the locations of his residences. He is currently registered 
                                                 
1 New York’s age of consent was 17 at the time of the alleged conduct and remains so today.  
See N.Y. Penal Law § 130.05. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 2 of 16

3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in the U.S. Virgin Islands, his principal residence, Florida, and New York. Mr. Epstein has 
scrupulously fulfilled his obligations in every jurisdiction in which he was required to register 
throughout the 10-year hiatus between his release and present arrest. All of his travel has been 
meticulously reported to the registration authorities so that they have been aware of his precise 
location every single day for the past 10 years. Better still, the pending charges date back 14-17 
years, from 2002 to 2005. Yet, tellingly, they allege no recurrence of the conduct underlying the 
NPA and Florida state conviction at any time in the ensuing decade and a half (2005-2019). 
Together, these unique factors are powerful indicia that Mr. Epstein is no longer a danger to 
anyone and will faithfully obey all conditions of release if ordered.  
 
In sum, Mr. Epstein has substantial grounds to challenge the allegations charged by the 
government in its indictment, and he has every intention of doing so in a lawful, professional, 
and principled manner.  He intends to fight the current charges on their merits and, more, to 
contest their legality given the inextricable intertwining of the current investigation and his NPA 
which promised him immunity and a global settlement for offenses including those brought 
under 18 U.S.C. § 1591.  Any perception that Mr. Epstein poses any conceivable danger or flight 
risk may be readily dispelled by a slate of highly restrictive conditions, which amply suffice to 
secure his release: 
 
1. Home detention in Mr. Epstein’s Manhattan residence, with permission to leave only for 
medical appointments as approved by Pretrial Services, including (at the Court’s 
discretion) the installation of surveillance cameras at the front and rear entrances to 
ensure compliance. 
2. Electronic monitoring with a Global Positioning System.2 
3. An agreement not to seek or obtain any new passport during the pendency of this matter.3 
                                                 
2 “A radio frequency (‘RF’) bracelet is the more conventional ‘ankle bracelet’ that has been used 
over time. GPS monitoring is a more recent phenomenon that is distinct from RF monitoring.  
While both units are placed on the ankle, the former tracks an offender’s movements in real time, 
while the latter is contingent upon proximity to a base unit connected to a landline at an 
offender’s home. Statistically, GPS monitoring is more effective than RF monitoring at 
preventing recidivism.” United States v. Paulino, 335 F. Supp. 3d 600, 617 n.5 (S.D.N.Y. 2018) 
(citations omitted). 
 
3 Mr. Epstein has only one active passport permitting current travel – not three, as the 
government fancies. That one active U.S. passport has now been surrendered. Mr. Epstein has no 
foreign passports. 
 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 3 of 16

4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Consent to U.S. extradition from any country and waiver of all rights against such 
extradition.4 
5. A substantial personal recognizance bond in an amount set by the Court after reviewing 
additional information regarding Mr. Epstein’s finances, which Mr. Epstein will seek the 
Court’s permission to provide via sealed supplemental disclosure. 
6. The bond shall be secured by a mortgage on the Manhattan residence, valued at roughly 
$77 million. Mr. Epstein’s private jet can be pledged as further collateral. 
7. Mr. Epstein’s brother Mark will serve as a co-surety of the bond, which shall be further 
secured by a mortgage on Mark’s home in West Palm Beach, Florida. Mr. Epstein’s 
friend David Mitchell will also serve as a co-surety and pledge his investment interests in 
two properties to secure the bond. 
8. Mr. Epstein shall deregister or otherwise ground his private jet.5 
9. He shall demobilize, ground, and/or deregister all vehicles or any other means of 
transportation in the New York area, providing particularized information as to each 
vehicle’s location. 
10. Mr. Epstein will provide Pretrial Services and/or the government random access to his 
residence. 
11. No person shall enter the residence, other than Mr. Epstein and his attorneys, without 
prior approval from Pretrial Services and/or the Court. 
12. Mr. Epstein will report daily by telephone to Pretrial Services (or on any other schedule 
the Court deems appropriate). 
13. A Trustee or Trustees will be appointed to live in Mr. Epstein’s residence and report any 
violation to Pretrial Services and/or the Court. 
14. Any other condition the Court deems necessary to reasonably assure Mr. Epstein’s 
appearance. 
 
I. 
Applicable law 
 
Echoing and reinforcing the presumption of innocence, our justice system’s bedrock, 
there is a “strong presumption against [pretrial] detention.” United States v. Hanson, 613 F. 
Supp. 2d 85, 87 (D.D.C. 2009). A person facing trial generally must be released so long as some 
“condition, or combination of conditions . . . [can] reasonably assure the appearance of the 
person as required and the safety of any other person and the community.” 18 U.S.C. § 3142(c). 
“Only in rare circumstances should release be denied.” United States v. Motamedi, 767 F.2d 
1403, 1405 (9th Cir. 1985). Any doubts as to the propriety of release are resolved in the 
defendant’s favor. See United States v. Chen, 820 F. Supp. 1205, 1207 (N.D. Cal. 1992).  
 
                                                 
4 Mr. Epstein’s lone foreign residence is in Paris; France has an extradition treaty with the United 
States.  
5 Mr. Epstein owns one private jet.  He sold the other jet in June 2019. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 4 of 16

5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Though the Bail Reform Act contains a rebuttable presumption in favor of detention 
based on the crimes charged, the presumption shifts only the burden of production, not 
persuasion. See United States v. Martir, 782 F.2d 1141, 1144 (2d Cir. 1986). Accordingly, the 
statutory demand on defendants “is fairly easily met.” United States v. Conway, No. 4-11-70756, 
2011 WL 3421321, at *2 (N.D. Cal. Aug. 3, 2011). To rebut the presumption, a defendant need 
only “show that the specific nature of the crimes charged, or that something about their 
individual circumstances, suggests that ‘what is true in general is not true in the particular 
case . . . ’” United States v. Dominguez, 783 F.2d 702, 707 (7th Cir. 1986) (quoting United States 
v. Jessup, 757 F.2d 378, 384 (1st Cir.1985)). “The quantum of evidence required to rebut the 
presumption is not high.” United States v. Thompson, No. 16-CR-00019, 2018 WL 447331, at *2 
(M.D. Pa. Jan. 17, 2018) (citation omitted). “Any evidence favorable to a defendant that comes 
within a category listed in § 3142(g) can affect the operation of [the presumption], including 
evidence of their marital, family and employment status, ties to and role in the community, clean 
criminal record and other types of evidence encompassed in § 3142(g)(3).” Dominguez, 783 F.2d 
at 707 (clean record plus socioeconomic stability sufficed to rebut presumption).   
 
In short, evidence that the defendant is unlikely to flee or commit crimes rebuts the 
presumption, forcing the government to persuade the court that detention is warranted. See 
Conway, 2011 WL 3421321, at *5 (§ 1591 defendant released pending trial). While not 
disappearing entirely, the presumption thus recedes to one factor among many in determining 
whether there are sufficient conditions to “reasonably assure” both presence and safety. See 
Martir, 782 F.2d at 1144; see also United States v. Orta, 760 F.2d 887, 891 (8th Cir. 1985) 
(“[R]easonably assure” doesn’t mean “guarantee.”). Even in a presumption case, then, “the 
government retains the ultimate burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence that the 
defendant presents a danger to the community,” and by a “preponderance” that he poses a flight 
“risk.” United States v. English, 629 F.3d 311, 319 (2d Cir. 2011) (citation and internal quotation 
marks omitted).   
 
II. 
Mr. Epstein’s 14-year record of law-abiding behavior rebuts any presumption in 
favor of pretrial detention 
 
In this case, any danger presumption attending the § 1591 charges evaporates against Mr. 
Epstein’s meticulous obedience, from 2005 to date, to both the law’s commands and his rigorous 
registration and reporting obligations as a convicted sex offender. The indictment does not allege 
that Mr. Epstein committed any crime in the 14-year interval between the end of the alleged 
conduct and the initiation of this case.  The dangerousness prong of the Bail Reform Act is 
predictive, asking whether it’s likely that Mr. Epstein will reoffend if released. A spotless 14-
year record of walking the straight and narrow, complemented by an exemplary 10-year history 
of diligent sex offender registration and reporting, is compelling proof he was able, once the 
prior investigation commenced, to conform his conduct to the law’s dictates. The time lag 
between the offenses charged and today is particularly compelling in terms of a prediction of 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 5 of 16

6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
future danger when viewed in the context of the unparalleled global media attention the case has 
garnered, including the creation of a website by the government requesting witnesses claiming 
abuse to come forward.  Accordingly, any danger that Mr. Epstein may have once posed to the 
community has long since abated.  At the very least, this enormous gap in time precludes a 
finding by clear and convincing evidence that no conditions of release can reasonably assure the 
community’s safety.6 
 
The rebuttable presumption of a risk of flight is negated by the evidence that the 
government had stated it believed it could prosecute Mr. Epstein for the very same conduct for 
which he was immunized, albeit in a second jurisdiction, despite the protections conferred upon 
him under the NPA.  Mr. Epstein’s continuous presence in the United States even while he had a 
residence out of the country reinforces the point.  As detailed below, Mr. Epstein understood the 
NPA as a global resolution of any charges arising from the alleged conduct at issue here, 
including conduct in New York.  Indeed, the government, in a Southern District of Florida filing 
                                                 
6 The government vastly overreaches in painting Mr. Epstein as dangerous based on musty plea 
discussions.  The government’s argument that Mr. Epstein’s release would risk obstructive 
behavior, at pages 8-9 of its submission, rests primarily upon statements made between Mr. 
Epstein’s prior counsel and an Assistant U.S. Attorney while they searched for a federal offense, 
at the government’s behest, with a one-year statutory maximum or guideline during the give-and-
take of those of plea negotiations.  The communication from prior counsel about a potential 
proffer for a federal charge was met with the response that there was no sufficient evidence to 
charge such an offense.  These purported facts were mere allegations that did not ultimately 
manifest themselves in any agreement by Mr. Epstein – nor in any agreement that probable cause 
existed to support any obstruction or assault charge.  And the documents from the Southern 
District of Florida litigation referenced by the government in support of its argument on this 
point expressly acknowledge this lack of substantiation.  See Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 v. 
United States, 08-CV-80736 (S.D. Fla.), Dkt. 361-10 (prosecutor stating, “[o]n the obstruction 
charges, many of the facts that I included in that first proffer were hypothesized based upon our 
discussions and the agents’ observations of [redacted].  We will need to interview her to confirm 
the accuracy of those facts. . . .”), Dkt. 361-11 (prosecutor stating, “I know that someone 
mentioned there being activity on an airplane, I just wanted to make sure that there is factual 
basis for the plea that the agents can confirm”), Dkt. 361-9 (prosecutor stating, “I don’t know the 
factual basis for the alleged [redacted] because we have no independent evidence of that”).   In 
short, these were suggested hypotheses not facts, and the government itself ultimately did not 
believe there was factual support for the allegations.  They do not provide a sufficiently reliable 
factual basis for any finding by clear and convincing evidence.  As to the suggestion by the 
prosecutor that a charge could be predicated on a prior incident where it was alleged that an 
investigator forced a family member of a witness off the road, the defense is without knowledge 
as to the basis for this allegation and the conduct, if it occurred, was not attributable to or 
authorized by Mr. Epstein. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 6 of 16

7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that was unsealed and became public in July 2013, specifically noted that “a number of districts 
outside the Southern District of Florida (e.g., the Southern District of New York and the District 
of New Jersey) share jurisdiction and venue with the Southern District of Florida over potential 
federal criminal charges based on the alleged sexual acts committed by Epstein against the 
Petitioners.  Epstein is thus subject to potential prosecution for such acts in those districts.”  
Exhibit 2, Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 v. United States, 08-CV-80736 (S.D. Fla. July 5, 2013), 
Dkt. 205-2, at 9.  The government went so far as to invite the alleged victims “to contact the 
United States Attorney’s Office in those districts and seek to confer with government attorneys 
in those offices about investigating and potentially prosecuting Epstein based on the alleged 
federal crimes committed against them.”  Id. at 10.  The Florida U.S. Attorney’s Office even 
offered to share the evidence gathered in its investigation with prosecutors and grand juries in the 
other relevant jurisdictions.  See id. at 10 n.9.  
 
 The defense strongly disagrees with the premise that the government can offer and 
execute an immunity or nonprosecution agreement with a citizen in the location of one of two 
venues where an interstate telephone call (or flight or any form of wire or mail communication) 
occurs and then circumvent the consequences of that immunity grant by having the very same 
prosecution office promote and motivate a prosecution by another office at the second venue of 
what in fact was a single criminal transaction.  What is significant for bail purposes is that 
notwithstanding this notice of the government’s illegal position, and his knowledge of the 
substantial penalties that he would face if charged and convicted, Mr. Epstein made no attempt to 
flee in the approximately six years preceding his arrest.  During that time, as noted by the 
government, he engaged in substantial international travel, always returning to his residences in 
the United States.  Mr. Epstein never sought to obtain dual citizenship or took any other steps 
indicative of an intent to flee.  This fact significantly undermines the government’s contentions 
regarding risk of flight and indicates Mr. Epstein’s good-faith intent to contest the charges 
pending against him. 
 
On September 24, 2007, after a year-long investigation, the Department of Justice, 
through the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida (“USAO-SDFL”), entered 
into the NPA with Mr. Epstein.  The NPA immunized Mr. Epstein from five distinct potential 
federal charges that “may have been committed by Epstein . . . from in or around 2001 through 
in or around September 2007.”  Exhibit 1, NPA, at 1-2.  One of the federal charges was 18 
U.S.C. § 1591, the statute charged in this SDNY case.  The time period covered by the NPA 
subsumes the entire time period charged in this SDNY case.  The USAO-SDFL acknowledged in 
the NPA that the very premise for Mr. Epstein to enter into it was “to resolve globally his state 
and federal criminal liability . . . ”  Id. at 2 (emphasis added).  Senior officials at the Department 
of Justice reviewed the NPA and either authorized or helped negotiate the resolution of the 
matter.  See, e.g., United States’ Second Supplemental Privilege Log filed as Dkt. 329-1 in Jane 
Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 v. United States, No. 08-CV-80736 (S.D. Fla.) (the “CVRA litigation”) 
(illustrating the number of prosecutors involved in the decision-making over the NPA). 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 7 of 16

8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The NPA required Mr. Epstein to plead guilty to a state felony charge (Fla. Stat. 
§ 796.07), then pending in the State of Florida and to an additional state felony charge (not 
previously charged or required by the State) of violating Fla. Stat. § 796.03 (Case No. 2008-CF-
9381AXX), a charge requiring registration as a sex offender.  Mr. Epstein complied with all of 
his obligations under the NPA. 
 
Contrary to the government’s argument, the NPA was not limited to a “list of several 
dozen victims identified in the prior investigation . . . .”  Gov’t Bail Letter at 6-7.  Indeed, the 
NPA contains no “list of several dozen victims” and regardless, the NPA immunized Mr. Epstein 
from prosecution “for the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2 of this Agreement,” allegedly 
committed between 2001-07, as well as “any offenses that arose from the Federal Grand Jury 
investigation.”  NPA at 2 (emphasis added).  Moreover, the government’s interpretation that the 
NPA “pertained exclusively to the SDFL investigation” and “did not purport to bind any other 
Office or District” will be the subject of a major dispute in this case.  This is especially so 
because Mr. Epstein’s alleged conduct at his Palm Beach residence features prominently in the 
conspiracy count (Count 1, ¶¶ 14-19, ¶ 22.a, d, f) and is incorporated by reference in the 
substantive charge (Count 2, ¶ 23).  
 
Beyond that, Mr. Epstein intends to raise and litigate significant due process issues about 
the Department of Justice’s conduct in this case.  Namely, there is irrefutable evidence from the 
pending CVRA litigation in the Southern District of Florida that, after Mr. Epstein had fully 
complied with his obligations under the NPA, the USAO-SDFL affirmatively encouraged 
alleged victims to pursue prosecution of Mr. Epstein in other districts, in violation of the DOJ’s 
commitment to a “global” resolution.  See Exhibit 2, at 8-12.  The United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of Florida, along with supervisory and line prosecutors from the USAO-SDFL, 
corresponded on multiple occasions with, and personally conferred with, alleged victims and 
their lawyers to entertain discussions about the alleged victims’ desire to have Mr. Epstein 
prosecuted on federal charges.  See id. at 9.  Further, the Southern District of New York is likely 
relying upon physical evidence seized in connection with the prior investigation, see Gov’t Bail 
Letter at 6 (discussing “corroborating evidence,” including “contemporaneous notes, messages . . 
. , and call records”).  In short, there will be evidence that the current New York case is not truly 
independent of the prior immunized conduct.  The evidence will show that Mr. Epstein’s 
reasonable expectation that the NPA would “resolve globally [Mr. Epstein’s] state and federal 
criminal liability” in exchange for Mr. Epstein’s compliance with the duties and obligations in 
the NPA – which he fully performed – has been unconstitutionally undermined by the 
government’s efforts to minimize the potential consequences of a CVRA conferral violation (one 
that neither the government nor defense believes occurred but that was found to have occurred in 
the CVRA litigation which is pending a decision on remedies) by returning an inextricably 
intertwined second federal prosecution just as the District Court in Florida is receiving 
submissions on remedy. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 8 of 16

9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Finally, the government fails to consider the doctrine of pre-indictment delay, inasmuch 
as the statute of limitations does not fully define a defendant’s rights with respect to delays that 
occurred prior to the indictment.  See generally United States v. Marion, 404 U.S. 307 (1971).  
Here, the delays of 14 years from the last alleged act and 12 years since Mr. Epstein signed the 
NPA are extraordinary.  If the government is correct that the NPA does not, and never did, 
preclude a prosecution in this district, then the government will have to explain why it 
purposefully delayed a prosecution of someone like Mr. Epstein, who registered as a sex 
offender 10 years ago and was certainly no stranger to law enforcement.  There is no legitimate 
explanation for the delay. 
 
III. 
The government fails to meet its burden of proving that no combination of 
conditions will assure Mr. Epstein’s appearance and public safety 
 
 
An analysis of the relevant statutory factors and case law supports pretrial release.  Even 
should the Court conclude, despite substantial evidence to the contrary, that the defendant 
presents a risk of flight, the foregoing combination of conditions virtually guarantees his 
appearance as required.  Crucially, while it is always possible to hypothesize risks, the statutory 
standard requires only a reasonable assurance that the defendant, if released, will appear.  The 
conditions proposed above, including electronic GPS monitoring, surrender of Mr. Epstein’s 
passport, deregistration and/or grounding of Mr. Epstein’s private plane, and a substantial 
personal bond (including posting of personal residence(s) and/or private jet as security to 
guarantee appearance) would extinguish any plausible risks. Mr. Epstein’s current notoriety 
minimizes any conceivable risk of flight even further.  The location where he could be detained – 
his residence on East 71st Street in New York has entrances (one on the street, one in the back) 
that can be easily monitored by video.  With all of his financial resources in the United States 
(other than his Paris residence) and with his New York residence at risk due to the government’s 
forfeiture allegation, Mr. Epstein would be sacrificing virtually everything he has worked for – 
including any collateral the Court requires he post to secure his appearance – if he were to flee 
and to disentitle himself to the defense of his property whether it would be at risk to forfeiture or 
for a bail violation. 
 
To the extent there is any doubt regarding the proposed conditions, there is tremendous 
moral suasion provided by the posting of real and personal property of Mr. Epstein’s brother, and 
his close personal friend of decades, who have offered to co-sign a surety bond to ensure Mr. 
Epstein’s appearance in Court as required.  Indeed, Mr. Epstein’s brother has agreed to pledge 
his family home, that he shares half the year with his 14-year-old daughter and 17-year-old son, 
in order to secure the bond.  It is particularly telling that Mr. Epstein’s brother, his only living 
immediate family member, as well as his close personal friend, are both willing to guarantee his 
appearance, notwithstanding the widespread negative publicity of Mr. Epstein that has 
dominated the news cycle since his arrest. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 9 of 16

10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To reiterate, the Bail Reform Act requires pretrial release on the “least restrictive” 
conditions that will assure both appearance and public safety.  18 U.S.C. § 3142(c)(1)(B) 
(emphasis added).  Home confinement monitored by 24-hour private security guards – a lesser 
restriction than pretrial detention – has proven effective in meeting those goals in many 
prominent cases prosecuted in our Circuit, including cases against defendants as infamous as 
Bernie Madoff, Marc Dreier and David Brooks. 
 
 
To be clear, defense counsel are fully confident Mr. Epstein will appear as required 
without resort to this measure. And we understand and appreciate Your Honor’s opposition to it. 
See United States v. Zarrab, No. 15-CR-867, 2016 WL 3681423 (S.D.N.Y. June 16, 2016). Still, 
Mr. Epstein stands ready and willing to pay for 24-hour armed guards should the Court deem it 
necessary or appropriate. 
 
 
More precisely, we realize that Your Honor objects to the measure as more akin to 
custody than release, finding it inequitable for wealthier defendants to “buy their way out” of jail 
pending trial. Id. at *2, *9-10, *13 (citation omitted).  Nonetheless, a band of other courts in our 
area have endorsed the procedure,7 and the Second Circuit has affirmed its use.8 
 
 
For reasons explained elsewhere, round-the-clock, privately funded security guards will 
virtually guarantee – not just reasonably assure – Mr. Epstein’s presence in the circumstances of 
this case.  Accordingly, and given the division of authority surrounding the practice, we 
respectfully propose it here as a fallback, asking the Court to revisit its propriety despite the 
reservations expressed in Zarrab.  Those reservations, though admirably motivated and sincerely 
held, raise substantial equal protection concerns.  They impair the statutory right to release on the 
least restrictive conditions in the circumstances presented – an inherently individualized 
determination – based largely on socioeconomic status, a suspect if not invidious classification. 
Avoiding “inequity and unequal treatment” rooted in such dubious socioeconomic distinctions – 
doing “equal right to the poor” and “rich” alike – are imperatives that run both ways. Id. (bolding 
deleted) (citation, footnote and internal quotation marks omitted).     
 
                                                 
7 See, e.g., United States v. Esposito, 354 F. Supp. 3d 354 (S.D.N.Y. 2019); United States v. 
Esposito, 309 F. Supp. 3d 24 (S.D.N.Y. 2018); United States v. Seng, No. 15-CR-706, 2017 WL 
2693625 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 23, 2015); United States v. Dreier, 596 F. Supp. 2d 831 (S.D.N.Y. 
2009); United States v. Madoff, 586 F. Supp. 2d 240 (S.D.N.Y. 2009); United States v. Schlegel, 
No. 06-CR-550, 2008 WL 11338900, at *1 (E.D.N.Y. June 13, 2008), modification denied, 2008 
WL 11339654 (E.D.N.Y. July 2, 2008). 
 
8 See United States v. Esposito, 749 F. App’x 20 (2d Cir. 2018); United States v. Sabhnani, 493 
F.3d 63 (2d Cir. 2007).  
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 10 of 16

11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other than his 2008 guilty plea predicated on conduct substantially overlapping the same 
conduct charged here, Mr. Epstein has no criminal history. Congress specifically listed these 
factors as considerations for the Court, and their absence therefore should weigh in favor of Mr. 
Epstein’s pretrial release.  Mr. Epstein comes from a stable and humble family background.  All 
of his remaining family members, his brother, niece, and nephew, reside in the United States. 
Through his business and the five residences he maintains in the United States, Mr. Epstein 
employs people, many of whom have been with him for more than a decade, and feels personally 
responsible for their livelihoods.  Mr. Epstein is admittedly wealthy with all of his financial 
resources (other than his Paris residence) in the United States (including the U.S. Virgin Islands) 
and will provide the Court with more specific information regarding his assets in a sealed 
supplemental disclosure prior to the upcoming bail hearing if the Court grants leave to file such a 
sealed supplement.  Mr. Epstein has, to this point, not provided a complete financial disclosure 
on advice of counsel, motivated by a desire to ensure the accuracy of the information provided to 
the Court.  During the years since his release from incarceration in connection with his Florida 
guilty plea, Mr. Epstein has been a law-abiding citizen without a single allegation of criminal 
misconduct during that period and has focused his efforts on business and philanthropy.  At the 
Court’s request, Mr. Epstein will provide a sealed list of his philanthropic donations. 
 
Crucially, the government has failed to proffer any evidence that Mr. Epstein has ever 
indicated an intent to flee from this investigation or any other criminal matter, which several 
courts have observed is a critical factor in evaluating whether pretrial release is appropriate.  See 
Hanson, 613 F. Supp. 2d at 90 (“In this case, . . . there is no strong circumstantial evidence 
indicating that Mrs. Hanson intends to flee the United States”); United States v. Vortis, 785 F.2d 
327 (D.C. Cir.1986) (serious intent to flee is an important factor); United States v. Cole, 715 F. 
Supp. 677, 679 (E.D. Pa.1988) (defendant told undercover agents he would flee if arrested).  In 
fact, Mr. Epstein has displayed long-term, consistent compliance with Court orders and other 
legal requirements.  As a result of his 2008 guilty plea and corresponding sex-offender 
designation, Mr. Epstein is required to (1) register for life as a sex offender; (2) regularly verify 
his address with Virgin Islands, Florida, and New York authorities; (3) annually update his 
registry photograph; and (4) provide registration authorities with detailed itineraries for all travel 
(both domestic and international) in which he engages.  Mr. Epstein has strictly complied with 
these requirements, without exception, for approximately ten years. 
 
 
The Court inquired about the relationship of the New York State registration 
classification and the requirements of the Bail Reform Act.  And while it is true that the New 
York Appellate Division held that Mr. Epstein was appropriately classified as a level-three sex 
offender, this inquiry was entirely backward-looking and based on the allegations contained in a 
Florida probable cause affidavit describing conduct ending in 2005 that were neither admitted-to 
nor within the scope of Mr. Epstein’s guilty plea.  See People v. Epstein, 89 A.D. 3d 570, 571 
(N.Y. App. Div. 2011).  While Mr. Epstein has made no subsequent attempt to challenge the 
continuing nature of his designation, his law-abiding behavior for the ensuing decade plus 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 11 of 16

12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
significantly undercuts any suggestion of current dangerousness based on any regulatory 
classification.  Moreover, as discussed above, Mr. Epstein’s strict compliance with the various 
monitoring requirements associated with his sex-offender registration actually decrease any 
danger that he might otherwise pose.  It is also worth noting that Mr. Epstein is classified as a 
tier-one sex offender, the lowest classification available, in the U.S. Virgin Islands, where he 
maintains his primary residence.  The defense respectfully suggests that Mr. Epstein’s Virgin 
Islands designation is more consistent with the circumstances of the actual offenses for which he 
was convicted, and certainly more consistent with the predictive factor of whether there is a 
danger of recidivism which the defense contends there is not. 
 
 
Mr. Epstein’s financial means and past international travel do not extinguish this Court’s 
congressional mandate to order pretrial release in every case where reasonable conditions can 
assure the appearance of the defendant as required.9  Indeed, numerous courts have rejected 
government requests for detention, and instead ordered pretrial release, in cases where the 
charged defendant was either a non-citizen (unlike Mr. Epstein) or a naturalized citizen with 
substantial if not weightier contacts with foreign jurisdictions, including the following decisions: 
 
 United States v. Sabhnani, 493 F.3d 63 (2d Cir. 2007) (reversing district court order of 
detention of defendants, who were natives of Indonesia, and ordering release despite 
defendants’ “strong motive to flee” because of serious charges and “strong” evidence of 
guilt, despite finding that defendants faced “lengthy term of incarceration” if convicted, 
despite finding defendants possessed “ample means to finance flight,” despite finding that 
defendants “maintained strong family ties to their native countries as well as personal and 
professional ties to various locations in Europe and the Middle East,” and despite finding 
that defendants “could, with relatively little disruption, continue to operate their highly 
lucrative business from any number of overseas locations”); 
 
 United States v. Hansen, 108 F. App’x 331 (6th Cir. 2004) (affirming district court order 
of pretrial release of defendant, a resident and citizen of Denmark-from where defendant 
could not be extradited-charged with bulk cash smuggling and forfeiture, noting that the 
                                                 
9 This Court’s opinion in Zarrab stands only for the proposition that wealthy defendants should 
not be provided an unfair advantage.  It does not, of course, suggest that wealthy defendants 
should bear a special disadvantage.  The facts supporting the Court’s ruling of pretrial detention 
in Zarrab are easily distinguishable.  The present case does not have national security 
implications, Mr. Epstein is a United States citizen (and does not possess any dual citizenship), 
the only foreign country in which Mr. Epstein maintains a residence (France) has an extradition 
treaty with the United States, Mr. Epstein’s assets are almost all located in the United States 
(with the exception of his Paris residence), and Mr. Epstein has provided only truthful 
information to Pretrial Services. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 12 of 16

13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“bail statute does not . . . require that foreign defendants be detained simply because their 
return cannot be guaranteed through extradition”); 
 
 United States v. Karni, 298 F. Supp. 2d 129 (D.D.C. 2004) (ordering release of 
defendant, an Israeli national who had resided in South Africa for the 18 years preceding 
his arrest when he landed in Colorado for a family ski trip based on allegations he 
violated the Export Administration Act and the International Economic Emergency 
Powers Act by acquiring products capable of triggering nuclear weapons and exported 
them to Pakistan, despite defendant’s lack of any ties to the United States, despite finding 
that defendant had “no ties to the United States or the Washington, D.C. area,” despite 
finding that “no evidence [was] presented establishing that Defendant has ever lived in 
this country, owned property here, or that he has any family or community ties in the 
United States,” despite finding that defendant “was only in this country in order to 
participate in a ski vacation with his wife and daughter,” and despite finding that “the 
weight of the evidence against Defendant is substantial”); 
 
 United States v. Hanson, 613 F. Supp. 2d 85 (D.D.C. 2009) (ordering release of 
defendant, a naturalized citizen of the United States, despite finding defendant “has 
strong ties to [her home country of] China,” finding that the defendant owned property in 
China, that the defendant spent almost all of her ten years of marriage living abroad with 
her husband, that during 2008 the defendant spent only 22 days in the United States, that 
the charges against the defendant (violations of International Emergency Economic 
Powers Act and the Export Administration Regulations) “were serious and carried a 
potential for a significant period of incarceration” and that the “government has strong 
evidence against” the defendant “including her own statement to investigators that she 
smuggled the UAV autopilot components out of the United States and knew there were 
licensing requirements for such items”). 
 
The fact that the government will potentially seek a significant sentence if Mr. Epstein is 
convicted on all counts similarly does not preclude pretrial release in this case – several courts 
have ordered pretrial release despite finding that the defendant faced serious charges carrying 
significant potential sentences. See, e.g., Sabhnani, 493 F.3d 63 (reversing district court order of 
detention despite finding that defendants, natives of Indonesia, faced “lengthy term of 
incarceration” and “strong” evidence of guilt existed); Karni, 298 F. Supp. 2d 129 (ordering 
release of defendant, an Israeli national who had resided in South Africa for the 18 years 
preceding his arrest, despite finding that “the weight of the evidence against Defendant is 
substantial”); Hanson, 613 F. Supp. 2d 85 (noting that charges “were serious and carried a 
potential for a significant period of incarceration” and that the “government has strong evidence 
against” the defendant “including her own statement to investigators that she smuggled the UAV 
autopilot components out of the United States and knew there were licensing requirements for 
such items”).  As the government concedes, the increases in sentencing exposure enacted after 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 13 of 16

14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the alleged conduct at issue here do not apply retroactively to Mr. Epstein’s case (including a 
maximum sentence of life imprisonment and a mandatory minimum sentence of 10 years). Mr. 
Epstein would, moreover, be subject to prosecution if he fled, which he now knows carries a 
maximum penalty of up to 10 additional years of imprisonment, 18 U.S.C. § 3146(b)(l)(A)(l), 
and/or the real risk of an enhanced sentence by the Court in this matter if not acquitted. 
 
It must further be emphasized that the allegations outlined within the indictment are just 
that – allegations – and the defendant anticipates substantial factual and legal challenges to the 
government case.  For one thing, Epstein has potent legal defenses to prosecution under 18 
U.S.C. § 1591, the sex trafficking statute driving the pending indictment. We front and briefly 
outline one of those defenses for the limited purpose of seeking bail. We will amplify it later, 
along with various other arguments, in full-blown dismissal motions. 
Section 1591 was passed as part of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 
(“TVPA”), Pub. L. No. 106-386, 114 Stat. 1464 (October 28, 2000).  In enacting the TVPA, 
Congress recognized that human trafficking, particularly of women and children in the sex 
industry, “is a modern form of slavery, and it is the largest manifestation of slavery today.” 22 
U.S.C. § 7101(b)(1); see also id. at § 7101(b)(2), (4).  “The TVPA criminalizes and attempts to 
prevent slavery, involuntary servitude, and human trafficking for commercial gain.”  United 
States v. Evans, 476 F.3d 1176, 1179 (11th Cir. 2007).  Importantly, “the entire language and 
design of the statute as a whole indicates that it is meant to punish those who are the providers or 
pimps of children, not the purchasers or the johns.”  Fierro v. Taylor, No. 11-CV8573, 2012 WL 
13042630, at *3 (S.D.N.Y. July 2, 2012) (quoting United States v. Bonestroo, No. 11-CR-40016, 
2012 WL 13704, at *4 (D.S.D. Jan. 4, 2012)) (emphasis added).  In Fierro, the district court 
found § 1591 inapplicable to consumers or purchasers of sex acts.  Here, the principal conduct 
underlying the indictment is Mr. Epstein’s payment of money for massages that purportedly 
escalated to alleged sex acts.  Mr. Epstein’s conduct, however, is akin to consumer or purchaser 
behavior and should be outside the ambit of 18 U.S.C. § 1591.  See Fierro, 2012 WL 13042630, 
at *4 (“[T]he TVPA is inapplicable to individual purchasers of sex from trafficking 
victims…”).10 
 
 
                                                 
10 While Fiero represents the law in this district, Mr. Epstein notes that there is a division of 
authority on the scope of § 1591.  See United States v. Jungers, 702 F.3d 1066, 1068 (8th Cir. 
2013).  The defense respectfully submits that the Fiero court’s approach to this issue is more 
persuasive and more consistent with the Congressional purpose to target commercial sex 
trafficking. 
 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 14 of 16

15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IV. 
Sixth Amendment 
 
Finally, in a case such as this one, which will likely involve voluminous discovery and is 
predicated on events allegedly occurring 14 or more years ago, it is critical to counsel’s ability to 
provide effective assistance, as well as the defendant’s ability to meaningfully contribute to his 
defense, that Mr. Epstein be permitted pretrial release.  The Sixth Amendment “does not provide 
merely that a defense shall be made for the accused; it grants to the accused personally the right 
to make his defense.  It is the accused, not counsel, who must be ‘informed of the nature and 
cause of the accusation,’ and who must be ‘confronted with the witnesses against him,’ and who 
must be accorded ‘compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor.’” Faretta v. 
California, 422 U.S. 806, 819 (1975).  Given the unique circumstances of this case, Mr. 
Epstein’s exercise of these important Constitutional rights would be materially impaired by his 
pretrial detention. 
 
V. 
Conclusion 
 
Wherefore, for all of the foregoing reasons, Mr. Epstein respectfully submits that his conduct 
over the past 14 years proves that he poses no risk of flight or threat to the safety of the 
community.  Even if the Court should have concerns to the contrary, there clearly exist a 
combination of conditions that would be sufficient to assure his presence as required and/or the 
safety of the community, including but not limited to some or all of the conditions proposed 
supra, or any other conditions the Court deems necessary and appropriate. 
 
Yours truly, 
 
Reid Weingarten 
Steptoe & Johnson, LLP (NYC) 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036 
(202)-506-3900 
Fax: (212)-506-3950 
rweingarten@steptoe.com 
 
Martin G. Weinberg (application for 
admission pro hac vice forthcoming) 
Martin G. Weinberg, P.C. 
20 Park Plaza, Suite 1000 
Boston, MA 02116 
(617) 227-3700 
Fax: (617) 338-9538 
owlmgw@att.net 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 15 of 16

16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Marc Allan Fernich 
 
Law Office of Marc Fernich 
 
810 Seventh Ave 
 
Suite 620 
 
New York, NY 10019 
 
(212) 446-2346 
 
Fax: (212) 446 2330 
 
maf@fernichlaw.com 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 6     Filed 07/11/19     Page 16 of 16
