METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Edwards v. Maxwell, No. 117-mc-00025 (S.D.N.Y. 2016)
METADATA_FILENAME: 010-15.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT O 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-15     Filed 06/30/16     Page 1 of 3

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE  
 
 
Contact: Richard A. Simpson, RSimpson@wileyrein.com 
April 8, 2016 
 
Lawyers Acknowledge Mistake In Filing Sexual Misconduct Charges Against Professor Dershowitz 
 
Professor Alan M. Dershowitz released the following statement regarding resolution of the case styled 
Bradley Edwards, et al. v. Alan M. Dershowitz, Case No. CACE 15-000072 (Cir. Ct., Broward Cnty., Fla.). 
 
STATEMENT OF ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ 
 
I am pleased that the litigation has concluded and I am gratified by the  
Joint Statement issued today by Jeffrey E. Streitfeld on behalf of the parties, in which 
“Edwards and Cassell acknowledge that it was a mistake to have filed sexual misconduct 
accusations against Dershowitz and the sexual misconduct accusations made in all public 
filings (including all exhibits) are hereby withdrawn.”  Mr. Streitfeld’s announcement and 
the Joint Statement are copied below. 
 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY JEFFREY E. STREITFELD, FLORIDA SUPREME COURT CERTIFIED CIRCUIT CIVIL 
MEDIATOR (Streitfeldlaw.com) 
 
It is my pleasure to report that Bradley J. Edwards, Paul G. Cassell, and Alan M. 
Dershowitz have resolved their disputes and have agreed to settle the claims raised in an 
action pending in the Broward County, Florida Circuit Court. Since being appointed by 
Circuit Court Judge Thomas Lynch IV last fall, it has been a privilege to act as the mediator 
and assist the parties and their counsel toward this agreed resolution. I want to extend my 
appreciation for the professionalism exhibited by the parties and their counsel with whom 
I worked directly: Jack Scarola, Rick Simpson, Tom Scott, and Ken Sweder. As part of their 
agreement, the parties have issued the attached Joint Statement. 
 
JOINT STATEMENT OF BRAD EDWARDS, PAUL CASSELL AND ALAN DERSHOWITZ REGARDING 
SETTLEMENT 
 
Brad Edwards, Paul Cassell and Alan Dershowitz have today settled their pending 
defamation claims in which Edwards and Cassell sued Dershowitz and Dershowitz 
counterclaimed against Edwards and Cassell. The case was about Dershowitz’s public 
claims that Edwards and Cassell, as the attorneys for Virginia Roberts, had failed to perform 
the necessary due diligence before filing the allegations of their client, not whether the acts 
of alleged misconduct in fact occurred. Edwards and Cassell vigorously denied the 
contention that they had acted improperly and asserted that it defamed them. Dershowitz 
countersued Edwards and Cassell, alleging they had falsely accused him of sexual contact 
with Roberts—a claim he vigorously denied and that Dershowitz asserted defamed him. 
Edwards and Cassell maintain that they filed their client’s allegations in good faith and 
performed the necessary due diligence to do so, and have produced documents detailing 
those efforts. Dershowitz completely denies any such misconduct, while not disputing 
Roberts’s statements that the underlying alleged misconduct may have occurred with 
someone else. Dershowitz has produced travel and other records for the relevant times 
which he relies on to establish that he could not have been present when the alleged 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-15     Filed 06/30/16     Page 2 of 3

misconduct occurred. He has also produced other evidence that he relies upon to refute 
the credibility of the allegations against him. 
 
The parties believe it is time to take advantage of the new information that has come to 
light on both sides during the litigation and put these matters behind them. 
 
Given the events that have transpired since the filing of the documents in the federal 
court and in this action in which Dershowitz was accused of sexual misconduct, including 
the court order striking the allegations in the federal court filings, and the records and 
other documents produced by the parties, Edwards and Cassell acknowledge that it was a 
mistake to have filed sexual misconduct accusations against Dershowitz; and the sexual 
misconduct accusations made in all public filings (including all exhibits) are hereby 
withdrawn. Dershowitz also withdraws his accusations that Edwards and Cassell acted 
unethically. 
 
Neither Edwards, Cassell, nor Dershowitz have any intention of repeating the allegations 
against one another. 
 
 
# # # # 
Editor’s note:  Wiley Rein LLP represents Alan M. Dershowitz in this matter. 
 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-15     Filed 06/30/16     Page 3 of 3
