METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Matter of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, Deceased, No. ST-21-RV-00005 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2021)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.03.29 Response - Response.pdf
----------------------------------------
OF THE YIRGIN ISL.ANDS 
March 29, 2021 
ST-2019-PB-00080 
TAMARA CHARLES 
'.LERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
*************************** 
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
) 
) 
PROBATE NO. ST-19-PB-80 
ACTION FOR TESTATE 
ADMINISTRATION 
Deceased. 
CO-EXECUTORS' RESPONSE TO GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS' NOTICE OF APPEAL & PETITION FOR REVIEW OF 
MAGISTRATE JUDGE'S ORDERS 
Pursuant to V.I. Super. Ct. R. 322(b)(5), the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. ~HN, hereby respond to the Government 
of the United States Virgin Islands' ("Government") Notice of Appeal & Petition for Review of 
Magistrate Judge's Orders, filed March 17, 2021 ("Petition"). 1 
CO-EXECUTORS' POSITION STATEMENT 
The Government's Petition is too little, too late. Judge Hermon-Percell properly denied 
the Government's Motion to Intervene in these probate proceedings over thirteen (13) months ago, 
a fact that the Government inexplicably fails to tell the Court in its Petition. The Government also 
neglects to inform the Court that the factual basis for its Emergency Motion to Freeze All Estate 
Assets and Cash on Hand (the "Emergency Motion") is no longer accurate. That motion is thus 
moot. 
1. The Government Lost its Motion to Intervene Over Thirteen (13) Months Ago. 
The Government filed its Motion to Intervene on January 23, 2020, relying on V.I. Civ. P. 
Rule 24. As explained in the Co-Executors' January 31, 2020 opposition to that Motion, Rule 24 
While the Government cites V.I. Supr. Ct. R. 322.1 (b) in support of its Petition, that Rule has been repealed. 

'' Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Response to Notice of Appeal 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 2 of5 
is inapplicable to these probate proceedings, which are instead governed by Title 15 of the Virgin 
Islands Code and the Virgin Islands Rules for Probate and Fiduciary Proceedings. 2 On February 
4, 2020, the Magistrate Judge expressly denied the Motion to Intervene from the bench: 
THE COURT: "[B]efore me I have a motion from the People, the Government to 
intervene as a claimant intervenor in the matter and I'm going to deny that -
the 
Motion to Intervene. You're here as a claimant. And I'm assuming that you will 
file your formal creditors claim." 
(Official Transcript of Proceedings at 98:8-14, attached as Exhibit B) (emphasis supplied). 
There was no unce1tainty about the Magistrate Judge's February 4, 2020 ruling, and no 
excuse for the Government to delay any appeal from it. Rather, the Government elected not to do 
so. It strains credulity to now believe that the Government was unaware of that rnling and had to 
await the Magistrate Judge's Order dated February 26, 2021 to realize that the Court denied its 
Motion to Intervene more than one (1) year earlier. 3 
Even if the Comt ignored the Government's extraordinary delay in filing its Petition, its 
application lacks merit. As the Magistrate Judge noted on February 4, 2020, the Government -
a civil litigant against the Estate in the CICO lawsuit entitled Gov 't US Virgin Islands v. Estate 
ofJeffrey Epstein, et al., No. ST-2020-CV-144 -
is in no different position than those asserting 
claims against the Estate. The Magistrate Judge explained that situation to the Government: 
"ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL ARIEL SMITH: 
I just have one 
procedural question, Your Honor. 
To the extent that you've denied the 
Government's Motion to Intervene, how would we file any response to -
cause 
2. 
The Co-Executors' Opposition to Motion to Intervene is attached as Exhibit A. 
3. 
The Magistrate Judge's Order expressly notes "the Court's denial of said Motion [to Intervene] at the February 
4, 2020 hearing." See February 26, 2021 Order at fn. I. 
4. 
Contrary to the Government's representation (Petition at 2 fn. 2), the Court has not granted the Government leave 
to file its Second Amended Complaint in the CICO action. 

\ 
\ 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Response to Notice of Appeal 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 3 ofS 
we decided to file the Motion To Intervene in order to be able to file the opposition5 
which has not been formally filed. It was just filed as an attachment. 
THE COURT: You come in as claimant, right, so you would be presented before 
the Court." 
Exh. B (February 4, 2020 Hrg. Tr.) at 100: 8-19 ( emphasis supplied). Despite Judge Hermon-
Percell 's direction, the Government never filed a claim in these probate proceedings. 6 As the 
Magistrate Judge made clear, filing a claim is a prerequisite to pursuing relief in a probate 
proceeding. 
For the reasons detailed by the Co-Executors in their opposition to the Motion to Intervene, 
the Government is required in these probate proceedings to proceed pursuant to the Probate 
Division's rules, just as any other claimant would. 
2. The Government's Emergency Motion is Moot. 
The Government filed its Emergency Motion on February 3, 2021 based on its contention 
that the Estate had breached its commitment to fund the EVCP. However, the EVCP is once again 
fully funded and has been operating as it had since its implementation. 7 The Government's 
application is therefore moot. 
ADDITIONAL ISSUES PRESENTED FOR REVIEW 
1. Whether the Government's more-than-thirteen (13) months' delay in appealing from the 
Magistrate Judge's denial of its Motion to Intervene renders its Petition untimely. 
5. 
See Government's Opposition to Estate's Motion for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution Program, 
filed January 20, 2020, in which the Government -
alone among all others appearing in these probate 
proceedings -
opposed the Co-Executors' effort to establish the Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
("EVCP"), a widely-heralded alternative dispute resolution process to compensate those claiming sexual abuse 
by Mr. Epstein. The Magistrate Judge ultimately approved the EVCP by Order dated June 2, 2020. 
6 
The Government's assertions that it acts "as a claimant" and "has a claim against the Estate" (Petition at 3) are 
belied by its refusal to file such a claim. 
7. 
See March 12, 2021 EVCP Press Release ("Epstein Victims' Compensation Program to Resume Issuance of 
Compensation Offers"), attached as Exhibit C. 

. ' 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Response to Notice of Appeal 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page4of5 
2. Whether the Government's failure to file a claim in these probate proceedings provides an 
additional ground for the Magistrate Judge's ruling that the Government lacked standing 
to assert its now-moot Emergency Motion to Immediately Freeze All Estate Assets and 
Cash on Hand. 
Dated: March 29, 202 1 
Respectfully, 
Isl Christopher Allen Krob/in 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D' ANDRADE, ESQ. 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966, 1221 & R2019 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: 
ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kel !fer. com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Response to Notice of Appeal 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 5 ofS 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that the Position Statement contained in the foregoing Co-
Executors' Response to Government of the United States Virgin Islands' Notice of Appeal and 
Petition for Review of Magistrate Judge's Orders complies with the word-count requirements of 
V.I. Super. Ct. R. 322(b)(5) (780 words) and that a true and correct copy of this Response was 
served via the electronic filing system to: 
John H. Benham, Esq. 
Law Office of John H. Benham, P.C. 
iohn@benhamlawvi.com 
Douglas B. Chanco, Esq. 
Chanco Schiffer P.C. 
doug@csflrm.com 
Richard Boume-Vanneck, Esq. 
Law Offices of Richard P. Bourne-Vanneck, Esq. 
richard@rpbvlawofjices.com 
Kevin F. D'Amour, Esq. 
Esq.Gaylin Vogel, Esq. 
Law Offices of Kevin F. D'Amour, P.C. 
kevin. damour@comcast.net 
gay/in.vogel@comcast.net 
Melody D. Westfall, Esq. 
Westfall Law PLLC 
mwestfall@westfalllaw.com 
Denise N. George, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Carol Thomas-Jacobs, Esq. 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
denise.george@doi.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@doi.vi.gov 
carol.iacobs@doi.vi.gov 
A. Jeffrey Weiss, Esq. 
A.J. Weiss & Associates 
ieffweiss@weiss law-vi. net 
Sean Foster, Esq. 
Maijorie Rawls Roberts, P.C. 
sean@mariori erobertspc. com 
John K. Dema, Esq. 
Law Offices of John K. Dema 
idema@demalaw.com 
Rosalie Simmonds Ballentine, 
Rosalie Simmonds Ballentine, P.C. 
roselaw@viaccess.net 
Sigrid Stone McCawley, Esq. 
David Boies, Esq. 
Joshua I. Schiller, Esq. 
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP 
smmcawley@bsfilp.com 
dboies@bs(llp.com 
i Isch iller@bsfllp.com 
J. Russell B. Pate, Esq. 
The Pate Law Fi1m 
pate@sunlawvi.com 
Isl Christopher Allen Kroblin 

OFTH.E VIRGIN ISLANDS 
" 
FILED 
Marc h 2 9, 2 02 1 
ST-201 9-PB-00080 
TAMARA CHARLES 
:LER]( OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
) 
) 
PROBATE NO. ST-19-PB-80 
ACTION FOR TESTATE 
ADMINISTRATION 
Deceased. 
OPPOSITION TO 
GOVERNMENT'S MOTION TO INTERVENE (CORRECTED BRIEF)1 
COME NOW the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the "Estate"), 
DARREN K. INDYKE AND RICHARD D. KAHN, by and through KELLERHALS FERGUSON 
KROBLIN PLLC, and hereby oppose the Motion to Intervene filed by the Government of the Virgin 
Islands (the "GVI"). Because the GVI's Motion to Intervene is flawed both substantively and 
procedurally, the Court should deny that application. 
I. 
The Proposed Intervention Serves No Proper Purpose 
The GVI asserts that its intervention in this probate proceeding is, in part, required "to 
ensure that the administration of the Estate conforms to the laws of the Virgin Islands." (Motion 
to Intervene at 1.) That is nonsense: under Virgin Islands law, it is the Court's charge -
not the 
GVI's -
to oversee the proper administration of estates and ensure their compliance with Virgin 
Islands law. 
The Superior Court has original jurisdiction "to supervise and administer estates and 
fiduciary relations." 4 V.I.C. § 76(a). 
"[T]he Superior Court 'has jurisdiction and the power to administer justice 
in all matters relating to the affairs of decedents, ... to try and determine all 
questions, legal or equitable, arising between any or all of the parties to any 
This Corrected Brief in Opposition is filed in place of the Opposition to the Government's Motion to Intervene, 
filed in this Court on behalfofthe Co-Executors on Friday, January 31, 2020. 
Exhibit A 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page2 
proceeding, ... as to any and all matters necessary to be determined in order 
to make a full, equitable, and complete disposition of the matter by such 
order or decree as justice requires.' 
15 V.I.C. § 161. 
The court is 
unrestricted in its power to dispose of such cases 'as justice requires' and is 
explicitly authorized to grant letters of administration, direct and control an 
executor or administrator's conduct, distribute assets, and order the sale of 
the deceased person's property. Id." 
Ottley v. Estate of Bell, 61 V.I. 480, 489-90 (V.I. 2014). The GVI offers no explanation for why 
it believes the Court is not up to that task. 
Nor does the GVI explain why it waited more than.five (5) months to seek to intervene in 
this proceeding, which the Co-Executors commenced on August 15, 2019. That the GVI decided 
two (2) weeks ago to commence civil claims and file criminal activity liens against the Estate is a 
self-created emergency: the GVI has long known that Mr. Epstein (and now the Estate) owns 
substantial real property in the Virgin Islands. 
The GVI also purports to find a "potential conflict of interest" in the Co-Executors' 
administration of the Estate, in particular in proposing to hire independent, nationally recognized 
claims administration experts to design and implement the proposed Epstein Victims' 
Compensation Program (the "Program"). (Motion to Intervene at 1.) 2 That purported conflict 
does not exist. "The mere existence of a possible adverse interest, without more, is not sufficient 
grounds for complaint in the Virgin Islands." In re Estate of Vose, 317 F.2d 281, 282, n.4 (3d Cir. 
1963) (internal citations omitted). Here, the Co-Executors do not have an interest adverse to the 
Estate which would prevent them from faithfully administering their fiduciary duties. Nor is there 
any allegation of neglect or dereliction of their fiduciary duties. Indeed, there is absolutely no 
evidence that the Co-Executors' manner and conduct in executing their office has run afoul of the 
2. The GVI's baseless attack on the Program is dealt with separately in the Estate's Reply to the GVI's Opposition 
to Estate's Motion for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution Program, filed Friday, January 31, 2020. 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page3 
standard of care required of an executor. There is, and can be, no allegation that the Co- Executors 
have been unfaithful to their trust. 
It cannot be a "conflict of interest" for the Co-Executors to have known Mr. Epstein during 
his lifetime -
if that were the case, no one could ever appoint a friend or trusted co11eague as 
executor of his or her estate. Nor can Messrs. Indyke's and Kahn's past and present involvement 
in "various Epstein business entities" constitute a disqualifying conflict of interest. (Motion to 
Intervene at 6.) That some of those entities "are alleged to share liability in [Mr.] Epstein's civil 
and criminal violations in the Virgin Islands and elsewhere" (id. at 6-7) is nothing more than an 
unsupported, unproven allegation -
none of those business entities have ever been criminally 
charged, and none have ever been found liable for Mr. Epstein's alleged conduct. 
II. 
The Virgin Islands Code and the Probate Rules Govern, Not Rule 24 
The GVI bottoms its purported right to intervene on Rule 24 of the Virgin Islands Rules of 
Civil Procedure ("Rule 24"). (Motion to Intervene at 1, 3, 4, 7.) That is a false bottom: it is the 
Virgin Islands Code and the Virgin Islands Rules for Probate and Fiduciary Proceedings (the 
"Probate Rules") that set forth the specific steps a purported claimant must take to bring a claim 
against an estate and participate in a probate proceeding. 
Rule 24 has no application to this 
proceeding. 
Tue exclusive procedure for pursuing a claim against an estate is set forth in Chapter 23 of 
Title 15 of the Virgin Islands Code and the Probate Rules, entitled "Claims and Charge Against 
the Estate." See 15 V.I.C §§ 391-430. The Probate Rules also include provisions governing a 
claimant's participation in a probate proceeding. To the extent the GVI has a claim against the 
Estate, it must follow these mandatory claims procedures to make that claim and participate in 
these proceedings. 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page4 
The Virgin Islands Code and the Probate Rules also provide the only procedure for a 
creditor to present its claim against the Estate. Thus, a creditor must follow the process outlined 
in 15 V.I.C. § 606(b) in order to properly file a complaint against an estate. See Ottley, supra, 61 
VJ. at 493. The language of Section 606(b) is absolute: it forbids a creditor from commencing 
an action against an estate until it has first presented its claim to the executors, and they have 
considered and disallowed that claim. See Oat v. Sewer Enters., 46 V.I. 286, 290 (D.V.1. 2004). 
While all claimants, including the GVI, may file claims with the Estate, they are subject to the 
jurisdiction of the Court in this probate proceeding. See 15 V.l.C. §§ 391 and 392.3 
III. 
The GVI Failed to Follow the Applicable Claims Procedure 
Under Virgin Islands law, one who seeks to assert a claim against an estate must first 
present its claim to the appointed executor or administrator of that estate. See 15 V.l.C. § 391 
(requiring "[ e ]very executor or administrator" to publish in a local newspaper and to post a notice 
"requir[ing] all persons having claims against the estate to present them, with the proper vouchers, 
within six months from the date of the notice, to the executor or administrator, at a place within 
this territory therein specified."). The claimant must conform to the requirements set forth in Title 
15, including verification of its claim by affidavit of the claimant or someone with personal 
knowledge of the relevant facts. See 15 V.I.C. § 393 ("Every claim presented to the executor or 
administrator shall be verified by the affidavit of the claimant, or someone on his behalf who has 
personal knowledge of the facts, to the effect that the amount claimed is justly due; that no 
3. The GVI does not address how Rule 24 could apply to this probate matter, which is of course governed by the 
Probate Rules. See VJ. R. PROB. I (providing that "[t]hese Virgin Islands Rules for Probate and Fiduciary 
Proceedings shall apply in probate, guardianship, trust and other fiduciary proceedings."). While Rule 1 of the 
Probate Rules permits the Court to adapt the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure "as appropriate" when "no 
procedural provision is included [in the Probate Rules]," here there are express procedural provisions in the 
Probate Rules that govern claims and the participation of claimants in probate proceedings. 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 5 
payments have been made thereon, except as stated; and that there is no just counterclaim to the 
same, to the knowledge of the affiant."). 
If and when such a claim is presented to an executor, the executor is then required to 
examine the claim, consider it, and then either accept or reject it. 15 V.I.C. § 394 ("When a claim 
is presented to the executor or administrator, as prescribed in section 393 of this title, if he is 
satisfied that the claim thus presented is just, he shall indorse upon it the words 'Examined and 
approved', with the date thereof, and sign the same officially, and shall pay such claim in due 
course of administration. If he is not so satisfied he shall indorse thereon the words 'Examined 
and rejected', with the date thereof, and sign the same officially."). 
Here, the GVI failed to follow the claims procedure required by Virgin Islands law to bring 
a claim against the Estate. Rather than present its claim to the Co-Executors and call on them to 
review and consider it, GVI instead filed a civil action seeking damages and other relief. That is 
improper. If the GVJ wishes to formally appear in these proceedings, it must (like any other 
creditor) follow the claims procedure set forth in 15 V.I.C. §§ 391-394: the GVI must present a 
verified claim, supported by documentation, to the Co-Executors. Pursuant to the statutory 
scheme, the Co-Executors are then required to assess the GVI's claim and either reject or accept 
it. Only then would the GVI have standing to participate in this probate proceeding like all other 
claimants. However, the Virgin Islands Legislature has mandated that an action may be 
commenced against an executor only after the expiration of twelve (12) months from the date 
letters testamentary are granted by this Court. Ottley, supra, 61 V.I. at 491 (quoting 15 V.I.C. § 
606(a)). These "mandatory" rules apply to all claimants, including the GVI. A claimant is not 
permitted to bypass the probate process enacted by the Legislature, which was designed precisely 
for this purpose -- to relieve the executors from defending the estate's rights in both a civil action 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 6 
and through probate proceedings simultaneously. See Ottley, supra, 61 V.1. at 494. This process 
also ensures that a claimant will not serve the executor with a summons, in an attempt to gain 
priority over estate assets to the detriment of other creditors who properly follow the probate 
process. 
IV. 
Even if Rule 24 Were Applicable - It is Not - the Contingent Nature of the 
GVl's Claim Requires the Court to Deny Intervention 
On January 15, 2020, the GVI filed a civil forfeiture action against the Estate in derogation 
of the applicable statutory requirements set forth in the Virgin Islands Code and Probate Rules. 
Even assuming the GVI's complaint had not been filed in contravention of these mandatory claims 
rules, the GVI would merely have a contingent claim -
i.e., one that is entirely dependent on its 
success in that separate action. "[C]ourts in this circuit that have been confronted with the issue 
have consistently held that intervention pursuant to Rule 24(a)(2) is inappropriate where the 
proposed intervenor's interest is contingent upon prevailing on a tort claim in a separate action." 
Gen. Star Jndem. Co. v. Virgin Is. Port Auth, 224 F.R.D. 372, 375-376 (D.V.I. 2004) ("Proposed 
Intervenors cannot deny that any interest they have or may have in this matter is purely contingent 
upon a favorable judgment in their underlying suit .... The Court finds that such a contingent 
interest is insufficient to sustain intervention of right"). Here, even assuming for the sake of 
argument that Rule 24 is applicable, the Government's contingent interest in a possible favorable 
judgment in another suit is not an interest significant enough to authorize its intervention. 
V. 
Conclusion 
How and when a creditor may present a claim and participate in a probate proceeding is 
governed by Title 15 of the Virgin Islands Code and the Probate Rules. If the GVI has a claim 
against the Estate as alleged in its Motion to Intervene, it must follow the claims procedure set 
forth in 15 V.I.C. §§ 391-394 and the Probate Rules. The rule under which the GVI seeks to 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 7 
intervene in this proceeding, Rule 24 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure, does not apply 
to this probate proceeding. Because the GVI has not satisfied the requisites for its participation in 
this probate proceeding, the Court should deny the GVI's Motion to Intervene. 
Dated: February 3, 2020 
Respectfully, 
~MJMQd; 
ifER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ. 
WILLIAM L. BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D' ANDRADE, ESQ. 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966,266, 136, 1221 & R2019 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
aheymann@solblum.com 
wblum@solblum.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 8 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 3rd day of February 2020, I caused a true and exact 
copy of the foregoing Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) to 
be served upon: 
Via Electronic Mail by Agreement of the Parties: 
John H. Benham, Esq. 
Law Office of John H. Benham, P.C. 
P.O. Box 11720 
St. Thomas, VI 00801 
john@benhamlawvi.com 
Douglas B. Chanco, Esq. 
ChancoSchiffer P.C. 
3355 Lenox Road, Suite 750 
Atlanta, GA 30326 
doug@cs.fi.rm. com 
A. Jeffrey Weiss, Esq. 
A.J. Weiss & Associates 
6934 Vessup Lane 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
jeffweiss@weisslaw-vi.net 
Richard P. Bourne-Vanneck, Esq. 
Law Offices of Richard Boume-V anneck 
9800 Buccaneer Mall Suite #9 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
richard@rpvblawoffices.com 
Sean Foster, Esq. 
Marjorie Rawls Roberts, P .C. 
P.O. Box 6347 
St. Thomas, VI 00804 
sean@marjorierobertspc.com 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Opposition to Government's Motion to Intervene (Corrected Brief) 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Page 9 
Via First-Class Mail, Postage Prepaid: 
Denise N. George, Esq. 
Attorney General 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Chief, Civil Division 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
34-38 Krondprinsdens Gade 
GERS Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00804 
J. Russell B. Pate, Esq. 
THE PATE LAW FIRM 
P.O. Box 370, Christiansted 
St. Croix, USVI 00821 
Kevin F. D'Amour, Esq. 
Gaylin Vogel Esq. 
Kevin F. D' Amour, P. C. 
5143 Palm Passage, Suite 18b & 19b 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
John K. Dema, Esq. 
Law Offices of John K. Dema 
1236 Strand Street, Suite 103 
Christiansted, St. Croix 
U.S. Virgin Islands 00820-5008 ~ 

OF THE YIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
March 2 9, 2 021 
!!:DIA TE RELEASE 
SI-201 9-PB-00080 
?021 
T 
IARA CHARLES 
:LERK o~ ~~~~u~~NT ACT 
Jeff Solnet 
Press@Epstein VCP .com 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program to 
Resume Issuance of Compensation Offers 
New York, NY - Today, the Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (the "Program") and its independent 
Administrator, Jordana ("Jordy") H. Feldman, announced that the Program will resume the issuance of 
compensation determination offers, effective immediately. 
On February 4, 2021, Ms. Feldman announced the temporary suspension of compensation determination 
offers due to uncertainty about the liquidity of Estate assets to fund the Program. This week, the Estate 
notified Ms. Feldman that it had completed the sales of Jeffrey Epstein's New York City and Palm Beach 
residences, and transfe1Ted approximately $10,000,000 to the Program to satisfy the outstanding amount of 
the last replenishment request. The Estate also provided assurances to Ms. Feldman, the Probate Court of 
the U.S. Virgin Islands (where Mr. Epstein's estate is being probated), and others that additional funds from 
the sales of these properties will be made available to the Program to satisfy future replenishment requests 
and pay eligible claims. With these developments, the Administrator has determined that there is sufficient 
ce1iainty that eligible claims can be timely and fully paid and has lifted the suspension. 
"I am pleased to report that the Program can now resume full operations after this unfortunate and 
unexpected month-long delay," said Ms. Feldman. "We have continued to process claims and hold 
meetings with claimants in anticipation of the resolution of the Estate's liquidity issue, and will begin 
issuing compensation offers immediately. I am eager to continue the imp01iant work of this Program, and 
remain deeply committed to ensuring that all eligible claimants receive the compensation and validation 
they deserve." 
To date, the Program has received over 175 claims, far exceeding expectations, and has paid out over $67 
million to eligible claimants. Although the deadline to register new claims has passed, those already found 
eligible to participate in the Program have through March 25, 2021 to file their claims. 
Launched on June 25, 2020, the Program is a voluntary, non-adversarial, confidential claims resolution 
program that was established to provide fair and expeditious compensation to victims and resolve their 
sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey Epstein and the Epstein Estate. The Program was designed by 
nationally recognized independent claims administration experts Ms. Feldman, Kenneth R. Feinberg and 
Camille S. Biros with input from victims' attorneys, the Attorney General of the Virgin Islands, the Epstein 
Estate and other interested parties. The Program operates independently of the Epstein Estate. 
For information about the Program, visit https://www.epsteinvcp.com. 
Exhibit C 
