METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 015-02.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
IN RE PLAINTIFF MJ 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 9:10-CV-81111-WPD 
AFFIDAVIT OF THOMAS MARSIGLIANO 
1. Your Affiant is a former New York City Police Detective and a current private 
investigator licensed by the State of New York to conduct investigations and serve process, 
I have been retained by the law firm of Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and 
Lehrman to serve a summons, complaint, subpoena for deposition, interrogatories, request 
for production on Jeffrey Epstein. The case is MJ v. Jeffrey Epstein, No. I 0-81111, and is 
currently pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. 
2. On September 20, 2010 I received a package from the law firm of Farmer Jaffe 
Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman which contained the summons, complaint, 
subpoena for deposition, interrogatories, request for production on MJ v. Jeffrey Epstein. I 
was advised by Michael Fisten, a Florida Licensed Private Investigator who is working for 
the law firm of Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman that the summons 
should be served at Epstein's New York residence located at 9 East 71 Street, New York 
City, New York. 
3. I had learned from Investigator Fisten that Epstein's New York residence has been 
featured in Magazines and News Papers as a residence that once belonged to Epstein's long 
time associate Leslie Wexner and now belongs to Jeffrey Epstein. Investigator Fisten also 
related to me that while Epstein was on probation in 20 I 0, Epstein listed his residence in 
New York as 9 East 71 Street on official probation travel documents and that an asset 
investigation revealed that Epstein was the owner of the residence. 
4. On Tuesday the 21 st Day of September 2010 your Affiant conducted surveillance at 
the Epstein residence. Activity was observed in and out of the residence which would 
indicate that persons(s) were residing within. 
At one point Federal Agents from the 
Department of State secured the Epstein residence and closed the street where the residence 
was located. The State Department Agents were providing security for a foreign dignitary 
that was visiting the Epstein residence. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
5. On Friday the 8th day of October 2010, your Affiant knocked on the residential front 
door of the Epstein residence located at 9 East 71 Street, New York. New York. A white 
male who identified himself as "Mark" answered the front door. Your Affiant advised 
"Mark" that I was a New York Private Investigator and that I had court papers to serve on 
Jeffrey Epstein for a lawsuit in Florida. Mark advised that Mr. Epstein was not at home at 
the time. Mark agreed to accept service for Mr. Epstein. I left the summons, complaint, 
subpoena for deposition, interrogatories, request for production with "Mark" who reentered 
the residence carrying the package in his hands. 
6. Based on my interaction with "Mark" and my observations, it was obvious that 
"Mark" was familiar with Jeffrey Epstein, had authority to answer the door of Mr. 
Epstein's home and accept service for Mr. Epstein. 
7. Mark agreed to give the papers to Mr. Epstein or Epstein's lawyers before accepting 
the document'! and returning back inside the home. 
8. Your affiant prepared the proper return of service documents and forwarded them to 
Attorney Bradley Edwards to file in Florida. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
FURTIIER AFFIANT SA YEIH NAUGHT. 
Dated this O 5day of November, 2010. 
• iano, Private Investigator 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this :5 +-I, day of 
November, 2010 by Thomas Marsigliano, who is personally known to me. /fzo/4a,£ 
/4:'. xs 1-<w d 
My Commission Expires: 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
l'nnlN•m•~ve-
LVNN 
OESSNER 
Notaty Publlc, State pf New YPtk 
NP. 01MQ4970982 
Qualified In Nassau CPUntv 
CommiNion Explrea 8/20/2014 
' 
