METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\United States v. Epstein, No. 119-cr-00490 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 069.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 4, 2025
Page 1
VIA EMAIL TO JUDGE BERMAN:
Hon. Richard M. Berman, U.S.D.J. 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
500 Pearl Street
New York, New York 10007-1312
Re:	
United States of America vs. Jeffrey Epstein, 1:19-cr-00490-RMB
Dear Hon. Judge Berman:
I come forward to you today in disdain, disgust and fear of how the United States of 
America’s DOJ has handled the promise to release the “Epstein Files”. Out of respect for the 
court, I will keep this short, to the point and as direct as possible. It has been a very difficult time 
for me personally, mentally and emotionally dealing with the circus around the “Epstein Files”. I 
use quotations because what are these “Files” exactly, anyway?” 
I regrettably feel the need to come forward and shed some light on the Government’s 
motion to unseal transcripts, documents and exhibits from the “case” that was never tried. Sad to 
say, for the victims we never got our day in court. Apparently, Epstein killed himself under 
whose watch? Oh, was it Trump’s DOJ? Hmmm, interesting. Although, I am for complete and 
utter transparency in this case, we deserve transparency from our own government, the agencies 
that were supposed to be there to protect us victims and guess what, they utterly and completely 
failed us. Unfortunately, with their disregard for the victims I feel it is imperative to write this 
letter to the court. 
Because, I personally desire to remain anonymous I feel like I do not have a voice. 
Therefore, with it being my right to have an opinion as a victim in this matter I have a voice to 
speak to the court and to the United States. 
Dear United States, I wish you would have handled and would handle the whole “Epstein 
Files” with more respect towards and for the victims. I am not some pawn in your political 
warfare. What you have done and continue to do is eating at me day after day as you help to 
perpetuate this story indefinitely. Why not be completely transparent? Show us all the files with 
only the necessary redactions! Be done with it and allow me/us to heal. You protect yourself and 
your powerful and wealthy “friends” (not enemies) over the victims, why? The victims know the 
truth, we know who are in the files and now so do you. Do you really think the public is that 
ignorant of the truth? Further redacting the names, like yours, will only cause the distraction you 
say you don’t want, and the conspiracies that you in fact are stirring. So I will continue to stay 
silent and continue to hide from all the pain and suffering, out of fear of you and your wealthy 
powerful “friends”. In the end we are the biggest voices of the truth and the truth always comes 
out in time. 
MEMO ENDORSED
Docket and file. 
08/04/25
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 69     Filed 08/04/25     Page 1 of 2

August 4, 2025
Page 2
	
Dear Judge Berman, in making your decision to allow the Unites States of America’s 
current sitting attorneys for the DOJ’s request to release these files, I ask you to have our 
attorneys review the “suggested” redactions as they are the ones who also know the victims, their 
names, their truths and their stories unlike the Unites States Government who did not and does 
not even care to know our truth. They would rather ask a convicted imprisoned sex trafficker/
abuser for information. 
	
In conclusion, I beg the court to make sure it is the upmost priority that in any sort of 
release ALL and EVERY detail that could possibly reveal our identities be redacted. I also 
request that you take your time in making your decision and consider allowing for the victims 
attorney’s to review these files before a release is permitted. 
Side Note: If other victims do not mind having their personal information redacted, my voice is not for them.
Sincerely and thank you for your time,
Xxx-victim/survivor
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 69     Filed 08/04/25     Page 2 of 2
