METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Doe v. Epstein, No. 909-v-80469 (S.D. Fla. 2009)
METADATA_FILENAME: 003.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
               
Case  #09-80469-CIV-RYSKAMP\VITUNAC
Jane Doe II
Plaintiff
vs.
Jeffrey Epstein & Sarah Kellen
ORDER OF PRETRIAL PROCEDURES
Defendant
                                                                             /
This Order has been entered upon the filing of the Complaint.  Plaintiff's counsel is hereby
ORDERED to forward to all defendants, upon receipt of a responsive pleading, a copy of this Order.
 The Court directs the parties to review and comply with all  Federal Rules of Civil Procedure
governing pretrial procedures, and with all relevant general rules promulgated in the Southern
District of Florida, including S.D. Fla. LR 26.1 and 16.1.  The parties shall hold a scheduling
meeting within twenty (20) days after the filing of the first responsive pleading by the last
responding defendant, or within ninety (90) days after the filing of a complaint, whichever shall first
occur, and prepare a scheduling report (that complies with Rule 16.1(B)(2)) and a joint proposed
Scheduling Order (sample attached), which shall be submitted to the court.  A copy of the joint
proposed Scheduling Order shall also be submitted in Word or WordPerfect format  to
Ryskamp@flsd.uscourts.gov  (see the Court’s internet site, CM/ECF Administrative Procedures).
At the aforementioned scheduling meeting the parties shall fulfill all the purposes and requirements
of the discovery planning meeting required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(f), as amended.   
FAILURE OF COUNSEL TO FILE A SCHEDULING REPORT WILL RESULT IN
DISMISSAL, DEFAULT AND THE IMPOSITION OF OTHER SANCTIONS INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS FEES, COSTS AND EXPENSES.  See S.D. Fla, LR 16.1(M)
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Florida, this 25th day of March,
2009.
                                                                       
                      
 /S/ Kenneth L. Ryskamp                                          
       
 KENNETH L. RYSKAMP
 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
CC:  Counsel of Record
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM   Document 3   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009   Page 1 of 4

1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
Case  #09-80469-CIV-RYSKAMP
Jane Doe II
Plaintiff
vs.
Jeffrey Epstein & Sarah Kellen
Defendant
                                                                             /
SAMPLE
SCHEDULING ORDER
Pursuant to Local Rule 16.1(b)(7), IT IS ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows:
1.  No pretrial conference shall be held in this action, unless the parties so request or the
Court determines, sua sponte, that a pretrial conference is necessary.  Should a pretrial conference
be set, the compliance deadlines as set forth in the remainder of this Order shall remain unaltered.
2.  Counsel shall meet at least ONE MONTH prior to the beginning of the trial calendar to
confer on the preparation of a pretrial stipulation.
3.  The  joint pretrial stipulation shall be filed on or before the date set forth in the attached
Notice of Trial and shall conform to Local Rule 16.1(e).  The Court will not allow unilateral pretrial
stipulations.
4.  In cases tried before a jury, each party shall file the proposed jury instructions  at least
ONE WEEK prior to the beginning of the trial calendar.  Additionally, one copy of the proposed jury
instructions shall be sent in Word or WordPerfect format to Ryskamp@flsd.uscourts.gov.  Each jury
instruction shall be typed on a separate sheet and must be supported by citation of authority.  In
preparing their requested jury instructions, the parties shall utilize as a guide the Pattern Jury
Instructions for civil cases approved by the United States Eleventh Circuit, including the Directions
to Counsel contained therein.   At the close of the evidence, a party may file additional instructions
covering matters occurring at the trial that could not reasonably be anticipated, and with the Court’s
permission, file untimely requests for instructions on any issue.
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM   Document 3   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009   Page 2 of 4

2
5.  In cases tried before the Court, each party shall file the proposed findings of fact and
conclusions of law at least ONE WEEK prior to the beginning of the trial calendar.  Proposed
conclusions of law shall be supported by citations of authority.
6.  All exhibits must be pre-marked.  The plaintiff and defendant shall both mark their
exhibits numerically.  A typewritten exhibit list setting forth the number, and description of each
exhibit shall be submitted at the time of trial.  The parties shall submit said exhibit list on Form AO
187, which is available from the Clerk's office.  All electronically filed exhibits should be listed as
one attachment unless over 5mb (100 pages).
7.  A motion for continuance shall not stay the requirement for the filing of a pretrial
stipulation and, unless an emergency situation arises, a motion for continuance will not be considered
unless it is filed at least twenty (20) days prior to the date on which the trial calendar is scheduled
to commence.
8.  Non-compliance with any provision of this order may subject the offending party to
sanctions or dismissal.  It is the duty of all counsel to enforce the timetable set forth herein in
order to insure an expeditious resolution of this cause.
9.  The following timetable shall govern the pretrial procedure in this case.  This schedule
shall not be modified absent compelling circumstances.
*                                      
Joinder of additional parties and amended pleadings
*                                      
Plaintiff shall furnish opposing counsel with a written list containing
the names and addresses of all expert witnesses intended to be called
at trial and only those expert witnesses listed shall be permitted to
testify.  Within the 14 day period following this disclosure, the
plaintiff shall make its experts available for deposition by the
defendant.  The experts' depositions may be conducted without
further order from the Court.
*                                      
Defendant shall furnish opposing counsel with a written list
containing the names and addresses of all expert witnesses intended
to be called at trial and only those expert witnesses listed shall be
permitted to testify.  Within the 14 day period following this
disclosure, the defendant shall make its experts available for
deposition by the plaintiff.  The experts' depositions may be
conducted without further order from the Court.
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM   Document 3   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009   Page 3 of 4

3
*                                      
Parties shall furnish opposing counsel with a written list containing
the names and addresses of all witnesses intended to be called at trial
and only those witnesses listed shall be permitted to testify.
*                                      
All discovery must be completed.
*                                      
All pretrial motions and memoranda of law must be filed.
(No later than one month after the close of discovery)
*(insert a specific date -- e.g. "October 1, 2009"   -- not "30 days prior to etc.")
Pretrial Stipulation required by Local Rule 16.1.E shall  be filed by                                 .
This case is assigned to the                                                     track.
This is a                                                                                 trial.
(Jury or Non-Jury)
10.  Trial date and calendar call will be set by separate notice.
11.  If this case is settled, counsel are directed to inform the Court promptly by calling
chambers and submitting an appropriate order for dismissal, within ten (10) days of notification of
settlement to the Court,  pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 41(a)(1).  
Dated this          day of                                 , 2009.
                                                                      
KENNETH L. RYSKAMP
United States District Judge
copies provided:
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM   Document 3   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009   Page 4 of 4
