METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Matter of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, Deceased, No. ST-21-RV-00005 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2021)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.03.17-1 Exhibit 1.pdf
----------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 
Government Exhibit 1 
 
 
 
I~ THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
March 17, 2022 06:09 eM 
ST-2021-RV-OOOOS 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

 
 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
 
VIRGIN ISLANDS,  
 
 
 
 
Case No.:  ST-20-CV-14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PLAINTIFF,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES 
 
 
V. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his individual capacity 
and in his capacity as the EXECUTOR FOR THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN and  
ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 1953 TRUST;  
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his individual capacity and 
in his capacity as the EXECUTOR FOR THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and  
ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 1953 TRUST;  
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; THE 1953  
TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC;  
NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC; POPLAR, 
Inc.; SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC.;  
CYPRESS, INC.; MAPLE, INC.; LAUREL, INC.;  
AND JOHN AND JANE DOES, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEFENDANTS. 
 
 
__________________________________________ 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT 
COMES NOW, the Government of the United States Virgin Islands ("Government") and 
files this Second Amended Complaint containing information that has become known through 
further investigation and third-party discovery and in support thereof, would show unto the Court 
as follows: 
JURISDICTION AND PARTIES 
1. The Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands (herein after "Virgin  
Islands") brings this action on behalf of the Plaintiff, Government of the Virgin Islands, pursuant 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 2 of 76 
 
to 3 V.I.C. § 114 and 14 V.I.C. §607 and her statutory authority to enforce the laws of the Virgin 
Islands, and advocate for the public interest, safety, health and well-being of persons in the 
Virgin Islands. 
2. 
This Court has subject matter jurisdiction over this civil matter pursuant to 4 
V.I.C. § 76 and 14 V.I.C. § 607. 
3. 
This Court has personal jurisdiction over the parties pursuant to 5 V.I.C. § 4903. 
4. 
The Virgin Islands is an unincorporated territory of the United States. It consists 
of St. Thomas, St. Croix, St. John, and Water Island, and more than 40 surrounding islands and 
Cays, some of which are privately owned. Among these privately owned islands are Little St. 
James and Great St. James. 
5. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein") was a resident of the Virgin Islands and he 
maintained a residence on Little St. James, which he acquired in 1998 and in 2016 he also 
purchased Great St. James. 
6. 
Epstein registered as a sex offender in the Virgin Islands in 2010. He was a Tier 1 
offender under Virgin Islands law based upon his Florida conviction of procuring a minor for 
prostitution. As a Tier 1 offender, Epstein was required to register annually with the Virgin 
Islands Department of Justice ("VIDOJ") and give advance notice of his travel to and from the 
Virgin Islands. Epstein was also subject to random address verification by VIDOJ. 
7. 
Epstein was found dead on August 10, 2019 while in custody in New York for sex 
crimes. 
8. 
Defendant Darren K. Indyke ("Defendant Indyke") is co-executor of the Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and Administrator of The 1953 Trust and was and/or is a participant in the 
activity of the “Epstein Enterprise,” as set forth below. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 3 of 76 
 
9. 
Defendant Richard D. Kahn ("Defendant Kahn") is co-executor of The Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and Administrator of The 1953 Trust and was and/or is a participant in the 
activity of the “Epstein Enterprise,” as set forth below. 
10. 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn, in addition to administering the Estate under the 
laws of the Virgin Islands, engaged in conduct in the Virgin Islands through their participation in 
businesses, financial transactions, and accounts registered, held, and operating in the Virgin 
Islands, and by filing documents with the Government of the Virgin Islands. 
11. 
Defendant, the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Estate"), created upon Epstein's death, 
is domiciled in the Virgin Islands. On August 15, 2019, Defendants Indyke and Kahn filed a 
Petition for Probate and Letters Testamentary which included Epstein's last will and testament 
with the Probate Division of the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands. 
12. 
The Petition reported the value of the real and personal property in The Estate 
located in the Virgin Islands at $577,672,654.00 dollars. 
13. 
According to the Petition, the assets in the Virgin Islands thus far included: 
a. $56.5 million in cash; 
b. $127 million in fixed income and equity investments; 
c. $195 million in hedge fund and private equity investments; and 
d. $18.5 million in planes, boats, and automobiles. 
The Estate did not originally value his fine arts, antiques, and other valuables. 
14. 
The Estate also included shares of various corporate entities which hold residences  
and real property used by Epstein, namely: 
a. Brownstone in New York City valued at $56 million; 
b. Ranch in New Mexico valued at $72 million; 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 4 of 76 
 
c. Gated home in Palm Beach, Florida, valued at $12 million; 
d. Seven units in an apartment building in Paris, valued at $8 million; and 
e. Great St. James and Little St. James, collectively valued at $86 million.  
15. 
At the time of this Second Amended Complaint filing, the Estate’s most recent 
accounting, filed February 1, 2021, valued its total assets at $240,782,955.84, which is almost 60% 
lower than the Estate’s starting valuation less than 18 months earlier when Defendants Indyke and 
Kahn began their Co-Executorship of the Estate. 
16. 
The Estate is responsible to pay penalties and damages for the acts committed by 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise described below. 
17. 
Defendant The 1953 Trust ("The Trust") was created by Epstein, who "amended 
and restated" its terms only two days before his suicide. That same day, Epstein revised his Last 
Will and Testament, transferring all of his "property, real and personal, wherever situated" to The 
Trust. The Trust also contains Epstein's financial assets and is also responsible to pay damages 
for the acts committed by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise described below. Defendants 
Indyke and Kahn, filed a Certificate of Trust in the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands for The 
Trust on August 26, 2019. 
18. 
Epstein maintained a deliberately complex web of Virgin Islands corporations, 
limited liability companies, foundations, and other entities, not all of which are yet known to the 
Government of the Virgin Islands, through which he carried out and concealed his criminal 
conduct. 
19. 
Epstein regularly created new entities in the territory and transferred properties 
and funds between them in order to preserve and shield Epstein's assets and to facilitate and 
conceal the unlawful acts described in this Complaint. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 5 of 76 
 
20. 
These entities held properties, including Little St. James and Great St. James, at 
which Epstein trafficked and sexually abused women and underage girls. Epstein owned and 
arranged for private planes, helicopters, boat and automobiles to transport victims to, from, and 
within the Virgin Islands, and provided money to pay these young women and underage girls. 
21. 
Epstein sat at the hub of this web, serving as president, member, manager, or 
director of each of the entities and, upon information and belief, directing their activities. 
22. 
Defendant, Nautilus, Inc., is a corporation established and organized under the 
laws of the Virgin Islands. It was incorporated on November 22, 2011. 
23. 
According to records of the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, Nautilus, Inc. owns 
Little St. James, a/k/a Parcel Number 109803010100, a parcel of 3.1 million square feet valued 
at $3.2 million, with buildings and improvements valued at $4 million. 
24. 
Epstein was president and director of Nautilus, Inc., which corporate filings 
describe as "holding property for personal use." Defendants Indyke and Kahn are the secretary 
and treasurer of Nautilus, Inc., respectively. The Estate values Epstein's holdings of Nautilus, 
Inc., which holds title to Little St. James at $63.9 million. 
25. 
A deed recorded with the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds on December 30, 
2011 reflects that the property was transferred from a Delaware entity, L.S.J., LLC, to Nautilus, 
Inc. for "TEN DOLLARS ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration." The quitclaim 
deed lists Jeffrey Epstein as the sole member of L.S.J., LLC, which it acquired Little Saint James 
via a warranty deed dated April 27, 1998. 
26. 
As described below, Epstein engaged in a pattern and practice of trafficking and 
sexually abusing young women and female children on this private, secluded island of Little St. 
James where Epstein and his associates could avoid detection of their illegal activity from Virgin 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 6 of 76 
 
Islands and federal law enforcement and prevent these young women and underage girls from 
leaving freely and escaping the abuse. 
27. 
Thus, Nautilus, Inc. participated in carrying out, facilitating and concealing 
Epstein's crimes, hence Little St. James became an instrumentality of those crimes. 
28. 
Defendant, Great St. Jim, LLC, is a limited liability company established and 
organized under the laws of the Virgin Islands. Great St. Jim, LLC was organized on October 26, 
2015. Great St. Jim, LLC, according to records of the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, owns at 
least three properties that make up Great St. James acquired on January 28, 2016: Parcel Number 
109801010100, consisting of 3.5 million square feet and valued at $17.5 million; Parcel Number 
109801010200, consisting of 450,000 square feet of land, valued at $2.8 million; and Parcel 
Number 109801010300, 1.2 million square feet of land, valued at $2.7 million. According to a 
warranty deed filed with the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, Epstein, through Great St. Jim, 
LLC, acquired the last two parcels for $5 million each. 
29. 
Epstein is listed as manager and a member of Great St. Jim, LLC and the nature of 
its business is described as "holding assets." Upon information and belief, Epstein purchased 
these Great St. James properties—the island with closest proximity to Little St. James—to further 
shield his conduct on Little St. James from view, prevent his detection by law enforcement or the 
public, and allow him to continue and conceal his criminal enterprise. Epstein's significant 
investment in the purchase of Great St. James demonstrates his intent to expand his illegal 
operation in the Virgin Islands for years to come. Thus, Great St. Jim, LLC participated in 
carrying out, concealing, facilitating and continuing Epstein's crimes, and Great St. James became 
an instrumentality of those crimes. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 7 of 76 
 
30. 
Defendant, Poplar, Inc., is a corporation established and organized under the laws 
of the Virgin Islands. Poplar, Inc. was incorporated on November 22, 2011. Epstein was 
president and director of Poplar, Inc., and its purpose was described in corporate filings as 
"holding property for personal use." Defendants Indyke and Kahn are secretary and treasurer of 
Poplar, Inc., respectively. 
31. 
A certificate of incumbency provided to the Department of Planning and Natural 
Resources ("DPNR") also lists Epstein as president of Poplar, Inc. and expressly authorizes the 
incorporators to conduct "transactions related to permitting matters submitted on behalf of Great 
St. Jim, LLC." 
32. 
Poplar, Inc. is listed as the signatory for the 2017 Annual Report for Great St. Jim, 
LLC, and the signature appears to be Epstein's. The Petition for Probate and Letters Testamentary 
filed by The Estate lists Poplar, Inc. as holding title to Great St. James. Thus, Poplar, Inc. 
participated in carrying out, concealing, facilitating and continuing Epstein's crimes.  
33. 
Defendant, Plan D, LLC is a limited liability company established and organized 
under the laws of the Virgin Islands. In its original Articles of Organization, filed October 19, 
2012, and Annual Report filings, Epstein's pilot, Larry Visoski, was listed as Plan D, LLC's sole 
manager/member. However, the July 31, 2019 Annual Report revealed Epstein as the principal 
behind Plan D, LLC. 
34. 
Upon information and belief, Plan D, LLC owns one or more of the airplanes and 
helicopters that Epstein used to transport young women and children to and from the Virgin 
Islands to carry out the criminal pattern of activity described below. Among the airplanes owned 
by Plan D, LLC is a Gulfstream with N-number N212JE. Flight logs and travel notices indicate 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 8 of 76 
 
that Epstein used this plane to traffic and transport and young women and underage girls to the 
Virgin Islands.  
35. 
Defendant, Hyperion Air, LLC is a limited liability company established and 
organized under the laws of the Virgin Islands on October 19, 2012. Jeffrey Epstein is a 
manager/member of Hyperion Air, LLC, along with his pilot, Larry Visoski. The purpose of 
Hyperion Air, LLC is listed in its Annual Report as "holding assets." 
36. 
Hyperion Air, LLC is the registered owner of a Bell helicopter with N-number 
N331JE and a Keystone helicopter with N-number N722JE. Upon information and belief, 
Epstein used these helicopters to transport young women and underage girls between St. Thomas 
and Little St. James. 
37. 
Defendant Southern Trust Company, Inc. was originally incorporated in the Virgin 
Islands on November 18, 2011 as Financial Informatics, Inc., but changed its name to Southern 
Trust Company in September 2012. Southern Trust Company is a tenant at American Yacht 
Harbor in Red Hook, St. Thomas, and Epstein is a "passive investor" in IGY-AYH, d/b/a 
American Yacht Harbor. By the end of 2013, according to its corporate filings, Southern Trust 
Company has assets of $198.5 million; four years later, its assets reached $391.3 million. From 
2011 until at least 2018, Jeffrey Epstein was the President/Director of Southern Trust Company, 
and Defendants Kahn and Indyke were Treasurer/Director and Secretary/Director, respectively. 
Epstein was the sole owner of Southern Trust Company. 
38. 
Defendant Cypress, Inc. is a Virgin Islands corporation that was formed and first 
licensed in or about November 2011. As of December 31, 2018, Epstein was listed as 
President/Director and Defendants and Co-Executors Indyke and Kahn were listed, respectively, 
as Vice President/Secretary/Director and Treasurer/Director of Cypress, Inc. Cypress, Inc. owns 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 9 of 76 
 
the property 49 Zorro Ranch Road in Stanley, New Mexico, which was transferred to it in or 
about December 2011, shortly after it was incorporated. 
39. 
Defendant Maple, Inc. is a Virgin Islands corporation that was formed and first 
licensed in or about November 2011. As of December 31, 2018, Epstein was listed as 
President/Director and Defendants and Co-Executors Indyke and Kahn were listed, respectively, 
as Vice President/Secretary/Director and Treasurer/Director of Maple, Inc.  Maple, Inc. owns the 
property 9 East 71st Street in New York, New York, which was transferred to it on or about 
December 23, 2011, shortly after it was incorporated. 
40. 
Defendant Laurel, Inc. is a Virgin Islands corporation that was formed and first 
licensed in or about November 2011.  As of December 31, 2018, Epstein was listed as President/ 
Director and Defendants and Co-Executors Indyke and Kahn were listed, respectively, as Vice 
President/Secretary/Director and Treasurer/Director of Laurel, Inc.  Laurel, Inc. owns the 
property 358 Brillo Way in Palm Beach, Florida, which was transferred to it in or about 
December 2011, shortly after it was formed. 
41. 
John and Jane Does represent individuals and entities whose identities or 
involvement with Epstein are currently unknown. The Government of the Virgin Islands will 
amend the Complaint to add these individuals and entities when discovered. 
42. 
The Attorney General brings this action to seek all remedies available to the 
Government of the Virgin Islands in enforcing its laws and protecting the public interest and 
public safety. These claims are distinct from, and are not intended to supplant, the claims of 
victims who were unconscionably harmed by Jeffrey Epstein and his associates. 
 
 
 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 10 of 76 
 
 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
A. 
The Conduct of the "Epstein Enterprise" in the Virgin Islands 
 
43. 
Epstein and his associates, including Defendants, identified and recruited female 
victims, including children, and transported them to the Virgin Islands where they were abused 
and injured. Epstein, through and in association with Defendants, trafficked, raped, sexually 
assaulted and held captive underage girls and young women at his properties in the Virgin Islands. 
44. 
Epstein created a network of companies and individuals who participated in and 
conspired with him in a pattern of criminal activity related to the sex trafficking, forced labor, 
sexual assault, child abuse, and sexual servitude of these young women and children. Epstein and 
his associates trafficked underage girls to the Virgin Islands, held them captive, and sexually 
abused them, causing them grave physical, mental, and emotional injury. 
45. 
To accomplish his illegal ends, Epstein formed an association in fact with 
multiple Defendants and others (both companies and individuals) who were willing to 
participate in, facilitate, and conceal Epstein's criminal activity in exchange for Epstein's 
bestowal of financial and other benefits, including sexual services and forced labor from 
victims. 
46. 
This illicit association of Epstein, Defendants, and his associates constitute what 
is referred to herein as the "Epstein Enterprise." Epstein's associates in the Epstein Enterprise, 
including, but not limited to, those named as Defendants knowingly facilitated, participated in, 
and concealed Epstein's illegal conduct. 
47. 
Epstein used his wealth and power to create the Epstein Enterprise which 
engaged in a pattern of criminal activity in the Virgin Islands by repeatedly procuring and 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 11 of 76 
 
subjecting underage girls and young women to unlawful sexual conduct, sex trafficking, and 
forced labor. 
48. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a pattern of criminal activity in the Virgin 
Islands (and elsewhere) with the criminal purpose and goal of placing a steady supply of 
vulnerable female children and young women into sexual servitude in service of Epstein's 
desires, and those of his associates. The Epstein Enterprise maintained and made available 
young women and underage girls for the purpose of engaging them in forced labor and sexual 
activities and used coercion and deception to procure, abuse, and harbor its victims.  
49. 
Flight logs and other sources establish that between 2001 and 2019 the Epstein 
Enterprise transported underage girls and young women to the Virgin Islands, who were then taken 
via helicopter or private vessel to Little St. James where they were then deceptively subjected to 
sexual servitude, forced to engage in sexual acts and coerced into commercial sexual activity 
and forced labor. 
50. 
In furtherance of its criminal activities, the Epstein Enterprise used its aircrafts 
to transport the young women and underage girls to the Virgin Islands for purposes of sexual 
abuse and exploitation. 
51. 
The Epstein Enterprise facilitated and participated in the sexual molestation and 
exploitation of numerous girls between the age of 12 and 17 years old. 
52. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
associates of the Epstein Enterprise, funded by the Epstein Enterprise, lured and recruited young 
women and underage girls to travel to locations including the Virgin Islands where, upon 
information and belief, based on the pattern and practice of the Epstein Enterprise, they were 
sexually abused and exploited. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 12 of 76 
 
53. 
Associates in the Epstein Enterprise recruited both victims and abusers into the 
Epstein Enterprise, participated in sexual acts of rape and abuse of minors and witnessed 
Epstein and others engage in sexual acts with children. 
54. 
As recent as 2018, air traffic controllers and other airport personnel reported 
seeing Epstein leave his plane with young girls some of whom appeared to be between the age 
of 11 and 18 years. 
55. 
Upon information and belief, based on Epstein's pattern of trafficking and 
sexually abusing young girls, the Epstein Enterprise trafficked and abused these girls, and 
others, in the Virgin Islands through 2018. 
56. 
When sued in civil court for committing sex trafficking and sex crimes, Epstein 
never denied engaging in sexual acts with underage females and procuring underage females for 
prostitution, but instead consistently invoked his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-
incrimination. 
57. 
Upon information and belief, the Epstein Enterprise kept a computerized list of 
underage girls who were in or proximate to the Virgin Islands, and able to be transported to 
Epstein's residence at Little St. James in the Virgin Islands. 
58. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a pattern of criminal conduct by trafficking 
children and young women and placing them in sexual servitude and forced labor in the Virgin 
Islands. The Epstein Enterprise repeatedly violated 14 V.I.C. §§ 133 to 138, which prohibit 
trafficking and sexual abuse. The Epstein Enterprise also repeatedly violated laws against child 
abuse and neglect, including 14 V.I.C. § 505, which defines the crime of child abuse as knowingly 
or recklessly causing "a child to suffer physical, mental, or emotional injury," or causing a child to 
be placed in a situation where such injury is foreseeable, and 14 V.I.C. § 506, which applies, as 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 13 of 76 
 
here, where the child suffers serious physical, mental, or emotional injury as a result of that abuse. 
The harm to Epstein's victims was both fully foreseeable and deeply damaging. 
59. 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly recruited, transported, transferred, harbored, 
received, procured, obtained, isolated, maintained, and enticed young women and girls to 
engage in forced labor (such as providing massages) and, ultimately, sexual servitude at his little 
St. James residence. 
60. 
A 15-year old victim was forced into sexual acts with Epstein and others and then 
attempted to escape by swimming off the Little St. James Island. Epstein and others organized a 
search party that located her and kept her captive by, among other things, confiscating her passport. 
Another victim, who was first engaged in provide massages to Epstein, was then forced to 
perform sexual acts at Little St. James in the Virgin Islands. When she attempted to escape the 
"private island," Epstein and a search party found her, returned her to his house, and suggested 
physical restraint or harm if she failed to cooperate. 
61. 
Another victim was flown by Epstein and his associates to New York or Palm 
Beach and then to the Virgin Islands dozens of times from 2004, when she was age 20, to 2017. 
She was repeatedly abused by Epstein and also was pressed to have sex with Epstein’s business 
colleagues.  
62. 
During the latter part of this period, she was forced into an arranged marriage to 
another victim that was facilitated by Defendant/Co-Executor Indyke to prevent the other victim 
from being deported. Indyke and a New York immigration lawyer retained by Epstein prepared 
the victim for communications with U.S. immigration officials almost immediately after the 
wedding. Defendant/Co-Executor Kahn provided a letter of reference for the immigration 
proceeding. When the victim inquired about ending the marriage and leaving Epstein’s circle, 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 14 of 76 
 
Indyke repeatedly tried to talk her out of a divorce and threatened that she would lose Epstein’s 
and his associates’ protection. 
63. 
The Epstein Enterprise forced at least three separate arranged marriages, in each 
case requiring American female victims to marry foreign victims to avoid their deportation.  The 
victims were coerced into to participating in these arranged marriages, and understood that there 
would be consequences, including serious reputational and bodily harm, if they refused to enter 
a marriage or attempted to end it.  In each instance, Indyke and Kahn knowingly facilitated the 
fraudulent and coerced marriages, performing and securing the legal and accounting work 
involved and enabling a fraud that would further bind Epstein’s victims to him and enable 
Epstein to continue to control and abuse these victims sexually.  
64. 
The Epstein Enterprise deceptively lured underage girls and women into its 
sex trafficking ring with money and promises of employment, career opportunities and 
school assistance. The Epstein Enterprise preyed on their financial and other vulnerabilities, 
and promised victims money, shelter, gifts, employment, tuition and other items of value. 
For example, participants in the Epstein Enterprise targeted young and underage females 
under the pretext that they would be paid substantially merely to provide massages to him 
and others. However, once drawn in, victims were then pressured and coerced to engage in 
sexual acts. 
65. 
The Epstein Enterprise forced underage victims to recruit others to perform 
services and engage in sexual acts—a trafficking pyramid scheme. 
66. 
The Epstein Enterprise paid girls for each "meeting," with additional money if 
they brought additional girls. Epstein reportedly required three meetings per day. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 15 of 76 
 
67. 
The Epstein Enterprise used the term "work" as a code for sexual abuse, and, 
upon information and belief, reportedly kept computer records of the contact information for the 
victims. 
68. 
Consistent with his creation and use of a complex web of entities to carry out 
and conceal the criminal trafficking enterprise in the Virgin Islands, the Epstein Enterprise 
sometimes paid young women and underage girls he exploited and trafficked through his 
charitable foundations. 
69. 
Once the girls and women were recruited, participants in the Epstein Enterprise 
enforced their sexual servitude of victims by coercion, including but not limited to, confiscating 
passports, controlling and extinguishing external communications, and threatening violence. 
They also made fraudulent statements to family members of victims, claiming victims were 
being well cared for and supported financially in college and other educational opportunities. 
70. 
One of the victims, who was flown by Epstein and his associates to the Virgin 
Islands dozens of times up until as late as 2017, described how Epstein exercised strict control 
over her and other victims’ activity. The girls had to give notice if they left the main residence 
and were kept to a rigid set of roles and rules. Epstein brought victims to business meetings, 
where they were often required to massage his feet or run errands. Victims had to use Epstein-
approved doctors and sign consent forms for access to their medical records. Epstein also 
required them to give him their email passwords.  Each of these was a means of demonstrating 
and reinforcing his control over the women and girls. 
71. 
During this time period through 2017, this victim observed a succession of girls 
and young women who were transported to Little St. James and while there were called into 
Epstein’s office or sauna to engage in sexual acts. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 16 of 76 
 
72. 
Another victim, who was brought to Little St. James more than 50 times during 
the years 2000 to 2002, when she was 17 to 19 years old, was required to have sexual relations 
with “guests” of Epstein, and was subjected to sexual abuse virtually every day, and on some 
days, multiple times a day by Epstein or his guests. 
73. 
This victim, too, observed a large number of young women and girls around 
Epstein at Little St. James. Many of them did not speak English, which was Epstein’s preference 
since they spoke less. 
74. 
Epstein sent these victims out to night clubs or on shopping trips to try to 
identify and recruit other young women and girls, at times paying them a fee for each recruit. 
75. 
The Epstein Enterprise transported, held, sexually abused, trafficked, and 
concealed women and children at his property in the Virgin Islands dozens of times over nearly 
two decades. 
B. 
Defendants and Co-Executors Indyke and Kahn were Instrumental to the 
Epstein Enterprise’s Human Trafficking and Financial Fraud. 
 
76. 
Defendants Kahn and Indyke organized, controlled, and directed almost every 
aspect of the Epstein Enterprise. They were officers in virtually every corporate entity that 
Epstein created to fund and conceal his activities.  They were deeply involved in the financial 
activities of the Epstein-owned entities, including those of Defendant Southern Trust Company, 
which made clear that Southern Trust did not provide the services described to the Government 
as the basis for tax incentives that allowed Epstein to fraudulently obtain more than $80 million 
from the Government.   
77. 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn also directed, approved, enabled, and justified 
millions of dollars in payments that fueled the Epstein Enterprise’s sex trafficking, including 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 17 of 76 
 
payments to women who were forced to have sex with Epstein and/or recruited others to be 
victimized.  Defendants Indyke and Kahn obtained large and frequent stocks of cash for Epstein 
which, based on public knowledge, would have funded Epstein’s cash payments for 
“massages”—code for forced sex.   
78. 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn participated with Epstein in coercing his sex 
trafficking victims, in at least three cases, to enter into arranged and forced marriages in order to 
obtain immigration status for the foreign women so that they could continue to be available to 
Epstein for his abuse – a doubly-deep assault on their will and dignity.  Defendant Kahn 
provided a letter of reference for at least one immigration application and tax services to the 
spouses, and Defendant Indyke paid the immigration lawyer who applied for citizenship for the 
women and threatened at least one who indicated that she would seek a divorce.  They used 
their professional skills and authority to carry out this abhorrent scheme.   
79. 
Indyke and Kahn were, in short, the indispensable captains of Epstein’s criminal 
enterprise, roles for which they were richly rewarded. 
80. 
Defendants Kahn and Indyke controlled and directed the activities of the other 
entities and personal bank accounts of Epstein accounts after they were funded.  One, and 
frequently both, of them were officers or directors of Butterfly Trust; of companies holding 
Epstein’s real property (as laid out below); and of Financial Strategy Group, Ltd.; Financial 
Trust, Inc.; FT Real Estate Inc.; Gratitude America, Inc.; Hyperion Air, Inc.; J. Epstein Virgin 
Islands Foundation, Inc.; Jeepers, Inc.; Mort, Inc.; Nautilus, Inc.; and Zorro Development 
Corporation; among others.   
81. 
Along with their officer and director roles, Defendants Kahn and/or Indyke also 
had signatory authority over virtually all of the accounts held by the Epstein Enterprise entities, 
-
-

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 18 of 76 
 
which allowed them to personally authorize and sign off on payments totaling hundreds of 
thousands of dollars to the Enterprise’s sex-trafficking and abuse victims, including those who 
also acted as recruiters, and other expenses including legal fees, apartment rent, and tuition. 
Further, they routinely withdrew cash in various ways, including ATMs, checks, or by 
converting U.S. Dollars to Euros.  In many instances, Kahn and/or Indyke structured these 
transactions in order to evade the bank’s reporting requirements. 
82. 
Defendant Kahn also oversaw the accounting and tax reporting for the other 
entities in the Epstein Enterprise.  As discussed below the “Tree entities,” Laurel, Maple, and 
Cypress, filed materially false and misleading financial statements by not including the 
properties in other states they owned or related expenses.  These financial statements were 
submitted to the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands and signed by Defendant 
Kahn.  In addition, in 2013, Defendant Kahn also directed the outside accountant not to report 
the properties on their respective tax returns.  
83. 
The J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc. (the “Foundation”) is a 501(c)(3) 
tax-exempt private foundation that was founded in June 2000 and registered in the Virgin 
Islands. 
84. 
As of October 23, 2007, Indyke was listed as President of the Foundation. He 
also was a signatory on the Foundation’s checking accounts. 
85. 
Between September 2015 and June 2019, Indyke signed Foundation account 
checks for over $400,000 made payable to young female models and actresses, including a 
former Russian model who received over $380,000 through monthly payments of $8,333 made 
over a period of more than three and a half years until the middle of 2019. 
■ 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 19 of 76 
 
86. 
In November 2017, Indyke signed a Foundation check made payable to the 
immigration lawyer in New York who was involved in one or more forced marriages arranged 
among Epstein’s victims to secure a victim’s immigration status. The check’s memo line 
references the former Russian model’s last name.   
87. 
These payments were inconsistent with the charitable purpose of the Foundation 
and designed to serve the private benefit and criminal activities of Epstein and the Epstein 
Enterprise.  
88. 
Earlier in 2017, Indyke signed a Foundation check for $160,000 to resolve a fine 
Epstein had incurred for construction on Great St. James Island that violated Virgin Islands 
environmental regulations and attempted to make the payment appear to be a charitable 
donation.  Over two years later, the Estate had to repay this amount to the Foundation after 
questions were raised to Epstein’s lawyer about the propriety of the Foundation payment. 
89. 
With help from Indyke and Kahn, Epstein established and operated separate 
businesses through which he could pay victims and recruiters, and, upon information and belief, 
which he used to maintain their immigration status. 
90. 
JSC Interiors, LLC is a New York Limited Liability Company, the Articles of 
Organization of which were filed in November 2014. The Articles list JSC, who was forced and 
coerced to have sex with Epstein, as the company’s sole owner.  JSC was manipulated, 
exploited, and controlled by the Epstein Enterprise.   
91. 
According to JSC’s operating agreement, Kahn was to be the initial Manager of 
the company, with full and complete authority, power, and discretion to do all things necessary 
or convenient to manage, control, and carry out the business. Kahn also had signatory authority 
for JSC’s bank accounts. 
1111 
1111 
• 
• 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 20 of 76 
 
92. 
One of JSC’s bank accounts was funded entirely with money transferred from 
Epstein’s personal bank accounts. 
93. 
JSC’s payroll was paid to two persons, one of whom was the listed sole owner. 
Kahn gave conflicting reports to JSC’s bank about the second person on the company’s payroll 
and the reasons for its payments to her. Once, he described her as an interior designer, which 
would justify the payments in light of JSC’s purported line of business, but which appears to 
have been false. The other time, Kahn described this payroll recipient as a dentist, which would 
not justify JSC Interiors’ payments to her, but which appears to be true. 
94. 
LSJE, LLC is a Virgin Islands Limited Liability Company that was organized on 
October 27, 2011.  Defendants Indyke and Kahn were authorized signatories on the company’s 
checking account. 
95. 
Indyke and Kahn signed company checks for combined value of almost 
$300,000 made out personally to young women or to, again, the immigration lawyer in New 
York who was involved in one or more forced marriages arranged among Epstein’s victims to 
secure a victim’s immigration status. 
96. 
Upon information and belief, after his guilty plea in Florida for soliciting 
prostitution from a minor, Epstein began to focus on procuring and abusing women from 
Eastern Europe.  These women’s immigration status and language barriers made them more 
isolated, dependent, and vulnerable to Epstein’s abuse and manipulation. 
97. 
The Butterfly Trust is a trust created for the benefit of numerous persons who 
performed work for Epstein, including numerous young women with Eastern European 
surnames and also including Indyke and Kahn themselves. Indyke and Kahn were authorized 
signatories on the Trust’s checking account.   
1111 
1111 
1111 
1111 
-

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 21 of 76 
 
98. 
Indyke and Kahn signed trust checks for combined value of over $1,000,000 
made out personally to young women, or their associated entities, who in some instances were 
not beneficiaries of the trust. 
99. 
Defendants and Co-Executors Indyke and Kahn also were deeply involved with 
transactions made in and out of Epstein’s personal accounts, for which Indyke had signatory 
authority, that were flagged by bank representatives and the New York Department of Financial 
Services as potentially suspicious. 
100. 
Indyke also engaged in repeated transactions that seem designed to have 
provided Epstein with cash in small enough increments to avoid triggering financial reporting 
requirements.  It is well known that Epstein paid girls and women in cash for sexual encounters 
that began as or were euphemistically described as massages, or for recruiting other girls to 
provide such massages. 
101. 
On July 20, 2016, Indyke brought two checks to a branch teller window for 
withdrawal, one for $7,500 drawn on Epstein’s personal account and one for $4,000 drawn on 
Indyke’s business account.  Indyke presented the $7,500 check for cashing and stated that he 
would be cashing the other check the next business day to avoid all the paperwork.  On July 21, 
2016, Indyke returned to cash the $4,000 check. 
102. 
From June 2018 to February 2019, there was a series of 97 separate withdrawals 
of $1,000 made from this account at an ATM that is a short walk from Indyke’s law office. 
103. 
From this same account, Indyke wrote 11 checks, between April 2016 and April 
2019, for the purpose of converting U.S. dollars to Euros totaling over $126,000.  Some of the 
checks contained the notation “Euros for safe.” 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 22 of 76 
 
104. 
Also, Indyke withdrew large amounts of cash in single transactions. For 
instance, on January 17, 2018, Indyke cashed a check for $100,000.  Although Indyke cashed 
the check, Kahn arranged with the Bank representative to have the cash ready for pickup.  
105. 
Payments from this account, for which Indyke had signatory authority, totaling 
over $2,500,000 were made to dozens of women with Eastern European surnames, purportedly 
for hotel expenses, tuition, and rent, and to, again, the immigration lawyer in New York who was 
involved in one or more forced marriages arranged among Epstein’s victims to secure victims’ 
immigration status.   
106. 
For another of Epstein’s personal accounts with the same bank, Indyke, from 
2014 to 2016, made almost 45 separate check-cashing withdrawals at a pace of two to three per 
month, each for the amount of $7,500, which was the bank’s limit for third-party withdrawals. 
107. 
From this same account, between June 2014 and September 2015, Indyke wrote 
eight checks for the purpose of converting U.S. dollars to Euros.  Each of the checks to 
effectuate the conversion approximated $7,500, presumably in order to evade reporting 
requirements, with some containing the notation “Euros for safe.” 
108. 
Payments from this account totaling over $1,000,000 were made to dozens of 
women with Eastern European surnames and to, again, the immigration lawyer in New York 
who was involved in one or more forced marriages arranged among Epstein’s victims to secure 
a victim’s immigration status. 
109. 
Indyke made wire transfers from another of Epstein’s personal accounts with a 
different bank totaling almost $50,000 between November 2016 and July 2019 (just before 
Epstein’s arrest) to women with Eastern European surnames, including one known to have 
recruited young women and girls for Epstein. 
-

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 23 of 76 
 
110. 
From another of Epstein’s personal accounts with another different bank, for 
which Indyke had signatory authority, someone acting on Epstein’s behalf made a total of 21 
separate withdrawals each in the amount of $1,000 on every but one business day from April 9, 
2019 to May 8, 2019. 
111. 
Payments from this account totaling almost $60,000 were transferred by wire to 
young women mostly at foreign beneficiary banks in February and March 2016.  
112. 
Upon information and belief, based on their authority for the accounts, their 
interactions with the relevant banks, and records indicating that they made or approved the 
transactions, these payments could have only been made with the knowledge and/or at the 
direction of Indyke and Kahn.  
113. 
The sheer complexity of the infrastructure that Epstein set up and maintained 
with the participation of Kahn and Indyke suggest their unlawful purpose.  Based on the 
Government’s current knowledge, Epstein, with Kahn and Indyke, held and managed at least 
140 different bank accounts for Epstein and Epstein-owned entities, many of which existed only 
to transfer payments to other entities and accounts.  
114. 
Kahn and Indyke profited substantially from their relationship with Epstein.  
The amount of their payments is further evidence of the illicit nature of the work they 
performed.  
115. 
From 2011 to 2019, Epstein and Epstein-owned entities paid over $16 million 
net to Defendant/Co-Executor Indyke, and over $10 million net to Defendant/Co-Executor 
Kahn.  This includes loans that are still outstanding to Indyke- and Kahn-related entities.  Based 
on records obtained so far, tax forms provided by Epstein entities did not report nearly the full 
compensation to Indyke and Kahn. 
-
■ 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 24 of 76 
 
116. 
Indyke and Kahn were paid through multiple entities, including HBRK 
Associates, Inc. (Kahn), Coatue Enterprises, LLC (Kahn), Birch Tree BR, LLC (Indyke) 
Harlequin Dane, LLC (Indyke) and Darren K Indyke, PLLC, which functioned as shell 
companies and engaged in no activities other than to coordinate the activities of Epstein’s 
Enterprise, including the receiving and sending money to other entities they held.   
117. 
Since they were appointed as Co-Executors of the Epstein Estate in 2019, 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn have approved the release of Estate funds to pay for the legal fees 
and costs of persons who—like the Co-Executors themselves—are alleged herein to have 
participated in the criminal activity of the Epstein Enterprise. 
C. The "Epstein Enterprise" Abused Privileges of Residency to Carry out its 
Criminal Scheme 
 
118. 
The Epstein Enterprise in 1998 acquired Little St. James in the Virgin Islands as 
the perfect hideaway and haven for trafficking young women and underage girls for sexual 
servitude, child abuse and sexual assault. Little St. James is a secluded, private island, nearly 
two miles from St. Thomas with no other residents. It can be visited only by private boat or 
helicopter; no public or commercial transportation is available to carry persons on or off the 
island, and no bridge connects the island to St. Thomas. Epstein had easy access to Little St. 
James from the private airfield on St. Thomas, only 10 minutes away by his private helicopter, 
but the women and children he trafficked, abused, and held there were not able to leave without 
his permission and assistance, as it was too far and dangerous to swim to St. Thomas. 
119. 
In 2016, upon information and belief, using a straw purchaser to hide Epstein's 
identity, the Epstein Enterprise acquired Great St. James the nearest island to Little St. James. By 
then, Epstein was a convicted sex offender. Upon information and belief, the Epstein Enterprise 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 25 of 76 
 
purchased the island for more than $20 million because its participants wanted to ensure that the 
island did not become a base from which others could view their activities or visitors. By acquiring 
ownership and control of Great St. James to the exclusion of others, the Epstein Enterprise created 
additional barriers to prevent those held involuntarily on Little St. James from escaping or 
obtaining help from others. 
120. 
Great St. James and Little St. James are environmentally sensitive locations, with 
native coral and wildlife protected by federal and territorial law and enforcement authorities. The 
Department of Planning and Natural Resources ("DPNR") regulates and monitors construction in 
the Coastal Zone to protect, maintain and manage the precious natural resources of the Virgin 
Islands. Under its authority, DPNR repeatedly issued citations and assessed thousands of dollars 
of fines for violations of the Virgin Islands construction code and environmental protection laws 
on both Little St. James and Great St. James—significant penalties to the agency and to the 
average resident of the Virgin Islands. But because of Epstein's enormous wealth, these fines had 
little effect in curbing or stopping the Epstein Enterprise's unlawful conduct or conforming its 
activities to the law. 
121. 
As a result of illegal construction activity of the Epstein Enterprise, the Virgin 
Islands has incurred, and will incur, significant expenses to remove the illegal construction or 
remediate its effects on natural resources in and around Little St. James and Great St. James. The 
extent of the potential environmental damage is unknown at this time as the illegal construction 
has not been removed or remediated. 
122. 
The Epstein Enterprise continues to attempt to prevent or limit DPNR authorities 
from conducting random inspections on the Little St. James and Great St. James necessary to 
comply with Virgin Islands law. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 26 of 76 
 
123. 
The Epstein Enterprise's violation of the construction and environmental laws was 
part of a pattern of behavior in flouting the laws of the Virgin Islands and holding itself above the 
law. Upon information and belief, as described above, the Epstein Enterprise undertook 
construction at Great St. James after 2016 to continue the scheme to carry out and conceal his 
trafficking and sexual abuse of young women and children in the Virgin Islands. These actions 
are also indicative of the Epstein Enterprise's disregard for Virgin Islands' law. The Epstein 
Enterprise used the Virgin Islands' land, resources, people, and laws for its illicit purposes. 
Rather than participating lawfully in this community, the Epstein Enterprise took advantage of 
the secluded nature of the islands in furtherance of its crimes. 
124. 
As a result of its deplorable and unlawful conduct, the Epstein Enterprise has 
subjected the Virgin Islands to public portrayals as a hiding place for human trafficking and sex 
crimes. 
D. The "Epstein Enterprise" Fraudulently Concealed its Conduct 
125. 
The Epstein Enterprise fraudulently concealed its actions to prevent detection by 
the Government of the Virgin Islands. 
126. 
The secluded properties at Little St. James and Great St. James were repeatedly 
used by the Epstein Enterprise as the locations for unlawfully soliciting, transporting, 
transferring, harboring, receiving, providing, isolating, patronizing, maintaining, deceiving, 
coercing, and sexually abusing young women and children and concealing these crimes. 
127. 
The Epstein Enterprise was able to hide the trafficking ring from law 
enforcement, despite the fact that Epstein was a registered sex offender. Given the isolation of 
the Little St. James and Great St. James and the nature of the crimes and of the victims targeted 
by the Epstein Enterprise, the activities of the Epstein Enterprise were not readily detectable. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 27 of 76 
 
Moreover, Epstein's great wealth and power likely made witnesses reluctant to report their 
observations to the local law enforcement.  
128. 
Upon information and belief, the Epstein Enterprise prevented its employees from 
cooperating with law enforcement. Employees and others were required to sign confidentiality 
agreements that prohibited them from speaking to or sharing information with law enforcement. 
If they were contacted by law enforcement they were to notify the Epstein Enterprise and be 
represented by Epstein's counsel. 
129. 
The employees were directed not to communicate or interact with guests visiting 
Little St. James and were also directed not to disclose to anyone events that occurred on the island. 
130. 
Monitoring a sex offender with his own private islands and the resources to fly 
victims in and out on private planes and helicopters presented unique challenges and allowed the 
Epstein Enterprise to limit scrutiny by the Government of the Virgin Islands. 
131. 
Sexual Offender Registration and Community Protection Act ("SORCPA") 14 
V.I.C. § 1721, et. seq. requires sex offenders to register in their resident jurisdictions and to make 
periodic in-person appearances to verify and update their registration information. 
132. 
Epstein renewed his registration each year in the Virgin Islands. In addition, 
beyond this statutory requirement, the Virgin Islands periodically visited—or attempted to 
visit—Little St. James to conduct additional address verifications. 
133. 
At his last verification in July 2018, Epstein refused to permit Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice Investigators, assisted by United States Marshals, to enter Little St. James 
beyond its dock, claiming that the dock was his "front door." Instead, Epstein arranged to be met 
at his office on St. Thomas. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 28 of 76 
 
134. 
Epstein also misled the Government regarding his travel plans. On March 19, 2019, 
the Virgin Islands was notified that Epstein would be traveling to France for 10 days on the private 
plane owned by Plan D, LLC. His notification form did not disclose travel to any other countries. It 
was later found by law enforcement authorities that Epstein also travelled to Vienna and Monaco 
during that trip. 
135. 
Similarly, the Epstein Enterprise sought to prevent DPNR from conducting 
routine site visits to inspect unpermitted and potentially damaging construction activity on Great 
St. James. The Epstein Enterprise repeatedly objected to DPNR's inspections referring to them as 
"invasions" of Epstein's constitutional right to privacy in his home, which he described defined 
as the entire island. These DPNR inspections are required for all construction and Virgin Islands 
residents are required to cooperate with the inspections to assure compliance with the law 
throughout the construction phases. 
136. 
These efforts represent Epstein Enterprise's intent to conceal its unlawful activity 
on Little St. James and Great St. James. 
137. 
The Epstein Enterprise also created numerous corporations and limited liability 
companies in the Virgin Islands to help conceal its unlawful activity. Most of these companies were 
created in 2011 and 2012, soon after Epstein registered as a sex offender in the Virgin Islands. 
138. 
Epstein's pilot, Larry Visoski is identified as member or co-member in companies 
that serviced and maintained the planes that the Epstein Enterprise used to traffick young women 
and children — Freedom Air Petroleum, LLC (registered November 28, 2011 to hold assets); 
and JEGE, LLC (registered October 19, 2012 to hold assets). 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 29 of 76 
 
139. 
Other Epstein entities include LSJ Employees, LLC (registered October 27, 2011 
to provide services); Southern Financial, LLC (registered February 25, 2013 to provide services) 
and LSJ Emergency, LLC (registered December 2, 2015 to provide services). 
140. 
Some of these companies held considerable assets: Financial Informatics, Inc. 
(incorporated November 18, 2011, also known as Southern Trust Company, Inc.) had assets of 
approximately $391 million in 2015; and Financial Trust Company, Inc. (incorporated November 
6, 1998) had assets of $212 million when it publicly filed its last balance sheet in 2012. 
141. 
Though often absent in the original incorporation or registration documents or 
annual filings, Epstein ultimately appeared as president, director, manager, or sole member of 
each of these companies. Upon information and belief, the purpose of this complex array of 
corporate entities—some of which may still be discovered—was to allow Epstein to shelter his 
assets in order to fund, carry out, and conceal his identity and pattern of criminal conduct. 
142. 
The Estate continues to engage in a course of conduct aimed at concealing the 
criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. On November 24, 2019, Epstein's Estate filed an 
Expedited Motion for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution Program in the Superior 
Court of the Virgin Islands. ("Motion"). According to the Motion, the proposed program was to 
be designed to "establish an independent and voluntary claims resolution program for purposes 
of resolving sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey E. Epstein." (Motion, at 1). 
143. 
The program proposed by the Estate, whose executors are trustees of The 1953 
Trust and officers in at least two Epstein entities, imposes confidentiality requirements and 
requires any claimant accepting an award under the program to sacrifice any other claims against 
"any person or entity arising from or related to Mr. Epstein's conduct." (Motion, at 5). It acts to 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 30 of 76 
 
conceal the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise and shield its participants from liability 
and accountability for the injury they caused to the victims. 
144. 
The Estate also refused to agree to preserve documents or to release individuals 
from the non-disclosure agreements.   
145. 
Two days before his death, Epstein amended The Trust and his Last Will and 
Testament. Upon information and belief, he did so, as part of a pattern and ongoing effort to 
conceal and shield his assets from potential recovery by claimants.  
E. The "Epstein Enterprise" Violated Numerous Virgin Islands Laws 
146. 
The pattern of criminal activity engaged in by Epstein and other participants in 
the Epstein Enterprise violated 14 V.I.C. §§ 605 and 607 of the Criminally Influenced and 
Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"). 
147. 
The Epstein Enterprise also violated Title 14, Chapter 3A, The Virgin Islands 
Uniform Prevention of and Remedies for Human Trafficking Act relating to Trafficking of 
Persons; Title 14, Chapter 24, relating to Child Protection and Child Abuse and Neglect; Title 
14, Chapter 81, relating to Prostitution and Related Offenses; Title 18, Chapter 85, relating to 
Rape and Sexual Assault and other related offenses, as well as other Virgin Islands laws. 
148. 
The Epstein Enterprise violated Virgin Islands laws by engaging in the human 
trafficking of underage girls and young women and commercial sex with young women and 
underage girls by force, fraud, enticement, or coercion, which serve as predicates to the Epstein 
Enterprise's violations of CICO. 
149. 
Certain participants who recruited women and underage girls to be trafficked 
and forced into sexual servitude themselves were sexually trafficked and abused by the Epstein 
Enterprise and may be afforded the protections of 14 V.I.C. § 145. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 31 of 76 
 
150. 
Specifically, Plan D, LLC knowingly and intentionally facilitated the 
trafficking scheme by flying underage girls and young women into the Virgin Islands to be 
delivered into sexual servitude. Plan D LLC repeatedly made flights from the mainland to 
St. Thomas with Epstein and underage girls and young women for the purpose of engaging 
in sexual activity on Little St. James. On some occasions, they would transport Epstein 
and female children by helicopter to Little St. James. On other occasions, Epstein and the 
young women and girls would be transported by boat. 
151. 
Great St. Jim, LLC and Nautilus, Inc. knowingly participated in the Epstein 
Enterprise and facilitated the trafficking and sexual servitude of young women and underage 
girls by providing the secluded properties at, from, or to which Epstein and his associates were 
able to transport, transfer, receive, maintain, isolate, harbor, provide, entice, deceive, coerce, 
and sexually abuse underage girls and young women. 
152. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a continuing course of unlawful conduct. 
153. 
After Epstein's suicide, the Epstein Enterprise continued to exist as each of the 
participants continued to conspire to prevent detection of the breadth and scope of the Epstein 
Enterprise's criminal wrongdoing and to prevent accountability. These conspiratorial acts are 
ongoing. 
154. 
The conduct of the Epstein Enterprise offends the core purpose of the Virgin 
Islands Uniform Prevention of and Remedies for Human Trafficking Act, 14 V.I.C. §131 et seq, 
and violates CICO, enacted to "curtail criminal activity and lessen its economic and political 
power in the Territory of the Virgin Islands by establishing new penal prohibitions and 
providing to law enforcement and the victims of criminal activity new civil sanctions and 
remedies." 14 V.I.C. § 601. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 32 of 76 
 
155. 
The Epstein Enterprise is an illicit enterprise within the meaning of 14 V.I.C. §§ 
604 and 605. 
156. 
The Government is entitled to recover civil penalties, damages and other 
remedies and to extinguish and recoup from the Epstein Enterprise and its participants any and 
all financial and other benefits, and any personal and real property that was used during the 
course of, or intended for use in the Course of the conduct or criminal activity in violation of the 
laws of the Virgin Islands. The Government is entitled to obtain through divestiture, forfeiture, 
or other equitable relief all properties and instrumentalities used by the Epstein Enterprise in the 
criminal pattern of trafficking and sexual abuse in the Virgin Islands, including but not limited 
to Great St. James and Little St. James, and all other remedies and penalties permitted by law in 
the interest of justice. 
F. The Epstein Enterprise Used Corporate Entities to Defraud the Government 
and Fund its Criminal Activities 
 
1. Defendant Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
 
157. 
In October 2012, the Southern Trust Company applied for economic benefits 
from the Economic Development Commission ("EDC"). The EDC is a subsidiary of the Virgin 
Islands Economic Development Authority ("EDA"), a semi-autonomous governmental 
instrumentality created and governed pursuant to 29 VIC § 1101. 
158. 
In sworn testimony at a public hearing on the tax incentive application 
conducted by the EDC on November 15, 2012, Epstein and his attorney, Ericka Kellerhals, 
described Southern Trust Company as providing "cutting edge consulting services" in the area 
of "biomedical and financial informatics." 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 33 of 76 
 
159. 
The EDC granted Southern Trust Company a 10-year package of economic 
incentives running from February 1, 2013 until January 31, 2023 that included a 90% 
exemption from income taxes and 100% exemptions from gross receipts, excise, and 
withholding taxes in the Virgin Islands. 
160. 
Between 2013 and 2019, Southern Trust Company employed 13 different 
individuals (not including Epstein). Of those 13 individuals, 11 served in administrative or 
support roles: six as personal, administrative, or executive assistants, receptionists, or as a 
driver/helper, one as an office manager, one as a clerk, and three in accounting or payroll 
functions (though only one was licensed as a certified public accountant). There was one 
network administrator/IT manager, and a second who was added in 2019. 
161. 
In fact, several of those individuals seemed to perform other personal services 
for Jeffrey Epstein. Though he was reported by Southern Trust Company to be resident of the 
Virgin Islands, the network administrator/IT manager was issued a Florida driver's license, 
which listed an address in Miami. Further, he appears, in fact, to have served as Epstein's driver 
and picked up luggage and cargo from Epstein's private planes on his behalf. 
162. 
Another executive assistant lived at 301 E. 66th Street, Apartment 11B, New 
York, New York. Epstein's address book lists various units in this building as providing "Apt. 
for models" and she is publicly identified as a model. As noted above, the Epstein Enterprise 
used modeling opportunities and contracts as a pretext for recruiting underage girls and young 
women into its sex trafficking scheme. 
163. 
Financial records more recently obtained show that the employee described 
above whom Kahn represented to be, alternatively, an interior designer and a dentist, was also a 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 34 of 76 
 
paid employee of Southern Trust Company, which did not actually or even pretend to perform 
either interior design or dentistry services, in 2019.   
164. 
During several time periods, Southern Trust Company affirmed to EDC that it 
had no employees who were non-residents, even though it employed non-residents. 
165. 
Southern Trust company does not appear to have had any clients and performed 
no visible informatics services. According to financial records, it held no investments for others.  
Instead, its employees performed tasks related to any number of other Epstein-owned companies 
or properties, such as Little St. James.  
166. 
Despite having no visible clients and only one full-time employee working on 
information technology during the bulk of the period, Southern Trust Company reportedly 
generated net income of $50.3 million in 2013, $67.5 million in 2014, $52.8 million in 2015, and 
$4.8 million in 2016 and $17.1 million in 2017, with aggregate income of $117.8 million in 2014, 
$170.6 million in 2015, $175.3 million in 2016 and $192.4 million in 2017, or aggregate income 
for the period of $656 million. 
167. 
Money received by Southern Trust was then funneled, frequently by Defendant 
Indyke as authorized signatory, and often with copies given to Defendant Kahn, through other 
Epstein-owned entities and accounts, funding payments to foreign women and for credit cards, 
airplanes, and other instrumentalities of the Epstein Enterprise. 
168. 
In fact, the main source of funds for the Epstein Enterprise came from Southern 
Trust. Between 2013 and 2017, Southern Trust reported approximately $184 million in 
revenues.   
169. 
Defendants Kahn and Indyke directed and controlled the day-to-day activities of 
Southern Trust in form and in substance, serving as members of its Board of Directors, along 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 35 of 76 
 
with Epstein.  Indyke was a signatory on Southern Trust’s primary bank account to which funds 
were wired, primarily from a single source, as described below.  Kahn, as Southern Trust’s 
treasurer, oversaw its accounting, invoicing, and tax reporting.  Indyke also authorized a 
majority of the wire transfers from Southern Trust’s bank account in order to fund the various 
entities and personal bank accounts of Epstein, and had full inquiry capabilities over the 
account.  
170. 
Bank records show that virtually all of Southern Trust Company’s income came 
from a single source (including related entities).   
171. 
In all, the single source paid $158 million to Defendant Southern Trust Company 
from 2013 to 2017, which constitutes 85% of the total revenues reported by Southern Trust 
Company.  These funds appear to have not been used to pay for informatics or datamining 
services.     
172. 
These payments to Southern Trust were the main source of funds for Epstein’s 
Enterprise.  Indeed, no other entity in Epstein’s Enterprise generated revenues.  Funds received 
from the single source were funneled, at the direction of Kahn and Indyke, to Epstein’s personal 
accounts, and other Epstein entities to fund his criminal activities. 
173. 
For the period between January 1, 2013 and December 31, 2017, Southern Trust 
Company received tax exemptions totaling $73.6 million. 
174. 
As of December 31, 2017, Southern Trust Company, Inc. elected to file its 
income tax as an S-corporation, which elects to pass corporate income, losses, deductions and 
credits through to its sole shareholder—Jeffrey Epstein—for tax purposes. For this time period, 
Epstein's income tax exemption was $71.3 million. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 36 of 76 
 
175. 
Including gross receipt taxes, the Government currently estimates that, as a 
result of the EDC incentive, Epstein was able to avoid paying $80,576,236 in taxes. 
176. 
Based upon these facts, it is clear that Southern Trust Company did not perform 
the "informatics" business represented to the EDC and could not have generated the business 
income attributable to that business. Instead, upon information and belief, Southern Trust 
Company existed to secure tax benefits for Epstein, to employ individuals associated with the 
Epstein Enterprise, and to provide a source of income to support his criminal activities and 
properties in the Virgin Islands. 
2. 
Defendants Cypress, Inc.; Maple, Inc.; and Laurel, Inc. 
177. 
Epstein formed Cypress, Inc.; Maple, Inc.; and Laurel, Inc. as Virgin Islands 
corporations in or about November 2011. 
178. 
As of December 31, 2018, Epstein was listed as President Director and 
Defendants and Co-Executors Indyke and Kahn were listed, respectively, as Vice President/ 
Secretary/Director and Treasurer/Director of each of Cypress, Inc.; Maple, Inc.; and Laurel, Inc. 
179. 
Defendant Cypress, Inc. acquired ownership of the property 49 Zorro Ranch 
Road in Stanley, New Mexico in or about December 2011, shortly after Cypress was formed. 
180. 
Defendant Maple, Inc. acquired ownership of the property 9 East 71st Street in 
New York, New York on or about December 23, 2011, shortly after Maple was formed.  Maple 
acquired ownership of the property from Nine East 71st Street Corporation, which was owned by 
Epstein. 
181. 
Defendant Laurel, Inc. acquired ownership of the property 358 Brillo Way in 
Palm Beach, Florida in or about December 2011, shortly after Cyrpess was formed.  Laurel 
acquired ownership of the property from Epstein personally. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 37 of 76 
 
182. 
Epstein appears to have maintained divided ownership of these properties, 
transferred ownership of them to the Virgin Islands, and then concealed this fact even from 
Virgin Islands authorities in an attempt to shield the properties from any judgment in the states 
where they are located. 
183. 
The financial statements submitted by each of these three Defendant corporations 
to the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands were false and misleading due to their 
failure to include the above properties owned by each company or the related expenses incurred 
by each company, such as property taxes. 
184. 
For instance, Cypress’s Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018 did not reflect 
any assets other than cash of $18,824. Further, Cypress reported only $301 in expenses for the 
year ended December 31, 2018, despite it paying $106,394.60 in Santa Fe property taxes on 
November 6, 2018. 
185. 
Similarly, in 2017, Cypress reported as its only asset cash in the amount of 
$29,736 and expenses of $150, despite it paying $55,770.41 and $113,679.56 in Santa Fe 
property taxes during 2017. 
186. 
Similarly, for the tax years 2011 through 2016, Cypress did not include the value 
of the New Mexico property in the total assets it reported and did not include any expenses 
related to the New Mexico property in the total expenses it reported to the Government. 
187. 
Likewise, Maple’s balance sheet as of December 31, 2018 did not reflect any 
assets other than cash of $21,265. Further, Maple reported only $300 in expenses for the year 
ended December 31, 2018, despite it paying $336,471.87 in New York City property taxes 
during 2018. 
-

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 38 of 76 
 
188. 
Similarly, in 2017, Maple reported as its only asset cash in the amount of 
$18,281 and expenses of $150, despite it paying $327,497.48 and $6,487.04 in New York City 
property taxes during 2017. 
189. 
Similarly, for the tax years 2011 through 2016, Maple did not include the value 
of the New York property in the total assets it reported and did not include any expenses related 
to the New York property in the total expenses it reported to the Government. 
190. 
Likewise, Laurel’s balance sheet as of December 31, 2018 did not reflect any 
assets other than cash in the amount of $20,155. Further, Laurel reported only $300 in expenses 
for the year ended December 31, 2018, despite it paying $196,673.56 in Palm Beach property 
taxes on November 6, 2018. 
191. 
Similarly, in 2017, Laurel reported as its only asset cash in the amount of 
$37,129 and expenses of $150, despite it paying $191,941.52 in Palm Beach property taxes on 
October 31, 2017. 
192. 
Similarly, for the tax years 2011 through 2016, Laurel did not include the value 
of the Palm Beach property in the total assets it reported and did not include any expenses related 
to the Palm Beach property in the total expenses it reported to the Government. 
193. 
Neither Cypress’s, Maple’s, nor Laurel’s financial statements ever reflected the 
reality of the above assets held or the above expenses incurred by each entity. 
194. 
The Annual Reports submitted on behalf of Cypress, Maple, and Laurel all were 
signed by Epstein and Defendant and Co-Executor Kahn with the representation that “ALL 
STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS APPLICATION, AND ANY ACCOMPANYING 
DOCUMENTS, ARE TRUE AND CORRECT . . .” 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 39 of 76 
 
195. 
In fact, Indyke and Kahn knew or should have known that their attestations were 
false.  Upon information and belief, particularly given the absence of any other justification for 
these transactions and the fraudulent nature of their reporting, these transactions were made for 
the sole purpose of sheltering these assets from collection. 
STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS ARE TOLLED AND DEFENDANTS ARE ESTOPPED 
FROM ASSERTING STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS AS DEFENSES 
 
1. 
Equitable Estoppel and Fraudulent Concealment 
 
196. 
Defendants are equitably estopped from relying upon a statute of limitations 
defense for conduct that occurred prior to the limitation period because they undertook active 
efforts to deceive the Government and to purposefully conceal their unlawful conduct and 
fraudulently assure public authorities that their conduct was in compliance with the laws, all with 
the goal of avoiding punishment. 
197. 
Defendants were deliberate in taking steps to conceal their criminal sex 
trafficking and abuse conduct and their fraudulent conduct in obtaining unearned tax benefits 
from the Government.  Defendants’ acts of concealment include, but are not limited to, the 
following. 
198. 
Defendants used Epstein’s secluded island of Little St. James and his later 
purchase of the nearby island of Great St. James to shield their trafficking and sexual abuse of 
young women and female children from detection by law enforcement authorities and to prevent 
their victims from escaping. 
199. 
Defendants used Epstein’s private aircraft to transport young women and female 
children to the Virgin Islands and to Little St. James while limiting public observation of this 
trafficking activity. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 40 of 76 
 
200. 
Defendants used Epstein’s businesses and ostensibly charitable foundations in 
the Virgin Islands to make payments to the victims who were trafficked and sexually abused 
while concealing these payments from detection by law enforcement authorities. 
201. 
Defendants also prevented Epstein Enterprise entity employees from cooperating 
with law enforcement by requiring them to sign confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
202. 
Defendants also actively obstructed law enforcement by denying investigators 
access to Little St. James beyond its boat dock. 
203. 
Defendants also attempted to conceal their criminal sex trafficking and abuse 
conduct by paying large sums of money to participant-witnesses, including by paying for their 
attorneys’ fees and case costs in litigation related to this conduct. 
204. 
Epstein also threatened harm to victims and helped release damaging stories 
about them to damage their credibility when they tried to go public with their stories of being 
trafficked and sexually abused. 
205. 
Epstein also instructed one or more Epstein Enterprise participant-witnesses to 
destroy evidence relevant to ongoing court proceedings involving Defendants’ criminal sex 
trafficking and abuse conduct. 
206. 
Defendants also concealed their fraud on the Government in obtaining unearned 
tax benefits by providing false testimony and submitting false and inaccurate reporting to the 
Economic Development Commission to prevent detection of Defendant Southern Trust 
Company’s non-compliance with requirements concerning the nature of its business and the 
residency of the persons it employed. 
207. 
The discovery of the nature, scope, and magnitude of Defendants’ unlawful 
conduct and could not have been acquired earlier through the exercise of reasonable diligence. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 41 of 76 
 
2. 
Continuing Violations 
208. 
The continuous criminal conduct by the Defendants has caused repeated and 
continuous injury. 
209. 
Defendants criminal trafficking and sexual abuse of young women and female 
children in the Virgin Islands occurred continuously from Epstein’s purchase of Little St. James 
in 1998 through his arrest and death in prison in 2019. 
210. 
Flight logs and other sources establish that between 2001 and 2019, Defendants 
transported young women and female children to the Virgin Islands, where they were then 
transported by private helicopter or boat to Little St. James. 
211. 
Air traffic controllers and airport personnel have reported seeing, as recently as 
2018, Epstein leaving his private jet with young girls who appeared to be between the ages of 11 
and 18 years. 
212. 
One victim was brought by Defendants more than 50 times between 2000 and 
2002, when she was around 18 to 20 years old, to Little St. James, where she was required to 
have sexual relations with Epstein or his guests multiple times per day and where she saw large 
numbers of other young women and female children subject to the same treatment. 
213. 
Another victim was brought by Defendants dozens of times between 2004 and 
2017 to Little St. James, where she too observed a succession of young women and female 
children who likewise were transported to the island and were required to have sexual relations 
with Epstein and his guests. 
214. 
Defendants’ fraud on the Government in obtaining unearned tax benefits through 
Defendant Southern Trust Company likewise was continuous inasmuch as Southern Trust’s 
failure to perform the informatics services that it represented to the Economic Development 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 42 of 76 
 
Commission and its false reporting of the residency and job descriptions of its employees were 
continuous from the start of the tax benefits in 2013 through Epstein’s arrest and death in prison 
in 2019. 
215. 
The continued criminal conduct by Defendants has caused repeated and 
continuous injury.  The criminal conduct of the Epstein Enterprise was not completed nor were 
all damages incurred until the wrongdoing ceased.   
COUNT ONE  
Human Trafficking — Trafficking an Individual  
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"),  
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 133 
 
216. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 215 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
217. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
218. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly 
recruiting, transporting, transferring, harboring, receiving, providing, obtaining, isolating, 
maintaining, or enticing female children and young women in the furtherance and performance 
of forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity in violation of Virgin Islands 
laws codified in 14 V.I.C. §§ 133-138. 
219. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
220. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 43 of 76 
 
221. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO.14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWO 
Human Trafficking — Trafficking an Individual 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 133 
 
222. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 221 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
223. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking. 
224. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy by recruiting, transporting, transferring, harboring, receiving, providing, 
obtaining, isolating, maintaining or enticing female children and young women in the 
furtherance and performance of forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity in 
violation of Virgin Islands laws codified in 14 V.I.C. § 133 -138. 
225. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
226. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 44 of 76 
 
227. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation 
of CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT THREE 
Human Trafficking — Forced Labor 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 134 
 
228. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 227 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
229. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
230. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly 
using coercion to compel underage girls and young women to provide labor or services by 
forced labor in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 134. 
231. 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly provided or obtained the labor services of 
individuals by means of force, threats of force, physical restraint, and/or threats of physical 
restraint; by means of serious harm or threats of serious harm; by means of abuse or threatened 
abuse of law or legal processes; and by means of the Epstein Enterprise with the intent to cause 
individuals to believe that, if individuals did not perform such labor or services, individuals 
would suffer serious harm or physical restraint. 
232. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 45 of 76 
 
233. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
234. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
235. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation 
of CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FOUR 
Human Trafficking — Forced Labor 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 134 
 
236. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 235 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
237. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking.  
238. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy by knowingly using coercion to compel underage girls and young 
women to provide labor or services by forced labor in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 134. 
239. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 46 of 76 
 
240. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
241. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation 
of CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FIVE 
Human Trafficking — Sexual Servitude 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 135 
 
242. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 241 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
243. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
244. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly 
maintaining or making available minors for the purpose of engaging the minors in commercial 
sexual activities or using coercion or deception to force young women to engage in commercial 
sexual activity in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 135. 
245. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
Defendants facilitated the transporting or recruiting of young women and girls or lured and 
recruited young women and underage girls to travel to the Virgin Islands where they engaged in 
sexual acts with Epstein and others. In some instances, young women and underage girls were 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 47 of 76 
 
given scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts 
with Epstein and others. 
246. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
247. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
248. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
249. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation 
of CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SIX 
Human Trafficking — Sexual Servitude 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 135 
 
250. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 249 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
251. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking. 
252. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join the criminal 
conspiracy by knowingly maintaining or making available minors for the purpose of engaging 
the minors in commercial sexual activities or using coercion or deception to force young women 
to engage in commercial sexual activity in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 135. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 48 of 76 
 
253. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
Defendants facilitated the transporting or recruiting of young women and girls or lured and 
recruited young women and underage girls to travel to the Virgin Islands where they engaged in 
sexual acts with Epstein and others. In some instances, young women and underage girls were 
given scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts 
with Epstein and others. 
254. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
255. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
256. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation 
of CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SEVEN 
Human Trafficking — Patronizing Minors and Victims of Sexual Servitude 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C §§ 136-37 
 
257. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 256 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
258. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 49 of 76 
 
259. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly 
giving, agreeing to give, or offering to give items of value to young women and minors so that 
the young women and minors would engage in commercial sexual activity with Epstein, other 
Defendants, and other individuals in violation of 14 V.I.C. §§ 136-137. 
260. 
In some instances, young women and underage girls were given scholarships, 
money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts with Epstein and 
others. 
261. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
262. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
263. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
264. 
 At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation 
of CICO 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT EIGHT 
Human Trafficking — Patronizing Minors and Victims of Sexual Servitude 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C §§ 136-37 
 
265. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 264 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein  

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 50 of 76 
 
266. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking. 
267. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy by knowingly giving, agreeing to give, or offering to give items of value 
to young women and minors so that the young women and minors would engage in commercial 
sexual activity with Epstein, other Defendants, and other individuals in violation of 14 V.I.C. §§ 
136-137. 
268. 
In some instances, young women and underage girls were given scholarships, 
money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts with Epstein and 
others. 
269. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
270. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 
271. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation 
of CICO 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
 
 
 
 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 51 of 76 
 
COUNT NINE  
Child Abuse and Neglect—All Defendants Except Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn 
in Their Individual Capacities  
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C §§ 505, 506 and 507 
 
272. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 271 of this Complaint as 
if as if fully set forth herein. 
273. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
274. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly 
or recklessly causing a child to suffer physical, mental or emotional injury, or knowingly or 
recklessly causing a child to be placed in a situation where it is reasonably foreseeable that such 
child may suffer physical, mental or emotional injury, in violation Virgin Islands criminal laws 
prohibiting Child Abuse and Neglect in Title 14 V.I.C. § 500 et. seq. 
275. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions numerous young girls suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
276. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
277. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
278. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 52 of 76 
 
COUNT TEN 
Child Abuse and Neglect 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
—All Defendants Except Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn in Their Individual 
Capacities, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C §§ 505, 506 and 507 
 
279. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 278 of this Complaint as 
if as if fully set forth herein. 
280. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting child abuse and neglect. 
281. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy as they knowingly or recklessly caused a child to suffer physical, mental or 
emotional injury, or knowingly or recklessly caused a child to be placed in a situation where it is 
reasonably foreseeable that such child may suffer physical, mental or emotional injury, in violation 
Virgin Islands criminal laws prohibiting Child Abuse and Neglect in Title 14 V.I.C. § 500 et seq. 
282. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young girls suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury. 
283. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
284. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 53 of 76 
 
285. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT ELEVEN 
Aggravated Rape—All Defendants Except Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn in 
Their Individual Capacities 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 1700a 
 
286. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 285 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
287. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
288. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, conduct that 
constituted or facilitated the rape of minors by force, intimidation, or the perpetrator's position 
of authority over the victim. 
289. 
Epstein and others, using force or intimidation, engaged in sexual intercourse 
with underage girls without their consent in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 1700a. 
290. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions, numerous underage girls suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
291. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
292. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 54 of 76 
 
293. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWELVE 
Aggravated Rape 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
—All Defendants Except Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn in Their Individual 
Capacities, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 1700a 
 
294. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 293 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
295. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting aggravated rape. 
296. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy by engaging in conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape of minors 
by force, intimidation, or the perpetrator's position of authority over the victim. 
297. 
Epstein and others, using force or intimidation, engaged in sexual intercourse 
with underage girls without their consent in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 1700a. 
298. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous underage girls suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury 
299. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 55 of 76 
 
300. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
301. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT THIRTEEN 
Rape in the Second Degree—All Defendants Except Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. 
Kahn in Their Individual Capacities 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 1702 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 1700a 
 
302. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 301 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
303. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
304. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, conduct that 
constituted or facilitated the rape of girls under 18 years of age. 
305. 
Epstein and others who engaged in rape were over 18 years old at the time of the 
incidents. 
306. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions, numerous minors suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury. 
307. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 56 of 76 
 
308. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
309. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FOURTEEN 
Rape in the Second Degree 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
—All Defendants Except Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn in Their Individual 
Capacities, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C § 1702 
 
310. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 309 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
311. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting rape in the second degree. 
312. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy by engaging in conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape of girls 
under 18 years of age.  
313. 
Epstein and others who engaged in rape were over 18 years old at the time of the 
incidents. 
314. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous minors suffered serious physical, 
mental and emotional injury. 
315. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 57 of 76 
 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
316. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
317. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FIFTEEN  
Unlawful Sexual Contact in the First or Second Degree—All Defendants Except Darren K. 
Indyke and Richard D. Kahn in Their Individual Capacities  
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C §§ 1708 and 1709 
 
318. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 317 of this Complaint as 
if as if fully set forth herein. 
319. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
320. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, using or 
facilitating the use of force or coercion to accomplish sexual contact or engaging in sexual 
contact with a minor between 13 and 16 years of age. 
321. 
Epstein and others who engaged in the sexual contact were over 18 years old at 
the time of the incidents. 
322. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions numerous young women and 
minors suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 58 of 76 
 
323. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
324. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
325. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SIXTEEN 
Unlawful Sexual Contact in the First or Second Degree 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
—All Defendants Except Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn in Their Individual 
Capacities, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C §§ 1708 and 1709 
 
326. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 325 of this Complaint as 
if as if fully set forth herein. 
327. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting unlawful sexual contact. 
328. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy by using or facilitating the use of force or coercion to accomplish sexual 
contact or engaging in sexual contact with a minor between 13 and 16 years of age. 
329. 
Epstein and others who engaged in the sexual contact were over 18 years old at 
the time of the incidents. 
330. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young women and minors suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 59 of 76 
 
331. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
332. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
333. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SEVENTEEN 
Prostitution and Keeping House of Prostitution 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. §§ 1622, 1624 
 
334. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 333 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
335. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
336. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
constitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including the engaging in or facilitating 
the knowing and/or reckless abuse of minors through the acts alleged herein. 
337. 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly persuaded, induced, enticed, and/or coerced 
women and children to travel to the Virgin Islands to engage in prostitution and/or sexual 
activity, and/or attempted to do the same. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 60 of 76 
 
338. 
The Epstein Enterprise kept, maintained, and/or permitted his property at Little 
St. James to be used for the purpose of prostitution, lewdness or assignation with knowledge or 
reasonable cause to know the same. 
339. 
The Epstein Enterprise received or offered or agreed to receive women and 
children at his property at Little St. James for the purposes of prostitution, lewdness or 
assignation, and/or permitted women and children to remain there for such purposes. 
340. 
The Epstein Enterprise directed, took, transported, and or offered or agreed to 
take or transport women and children to Little St. James with the knowledge or reasonable cause 
to know that the purpose of such directing, taking or transporting was prostitution, lewdness or 
assignation. 
341. 
The Epstein Enterprise knew or should reasonably have known that individuals 
that were the subjects of the actions described in this Count were minors. 
342. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young women and minors suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
343. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
344. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
345. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
 
 
 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 61 of 76 
 
COUNT EIGHTEEN 
Prostitution and Keeping House of Prostitution 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. §§ 1622, 1624. 
 
346. 
The Government restated and realleges paragraph 1 to 345 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
347. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined a conspiracy to laws against 
prostitution. 
348. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by engaging in or facilitating the persuasion, inducement, enticement or 
coercion of women and children to travel to the Virgin Islands to engage in prostitution and/or 
sexual activity, and/or attempted to do the same; keeping, maintaining, and/or permitting Epstein's 
property at Little St. James, to be used for the purpose of prostitution, lewdness or assignation with 
knowledge or reasonable cause to know the same; receiving, offering, or agreeing to receive 
individuals at his property at Little St. James for the purposes of prostitution, lewdness or 
assignation, and/or permitted women and children to remain there for such purposes; and directing, 
taking, transporting, and/or offering or agreeing to take or transport women and children to Little 
St. James with the knowledge or reasonable cause to know that the purpose of such directing, 
taking or transporting was prostitution, lewdness or assignation, in violation of 14 V.I.C. §§ 
1622 and 1624. 
349. 
Defendants knew or should reasonably have known that individuals that were 
the subjects of the actions described in this Count were minors. 
350. 
As a result of Defendants' actions numerous young women and minors suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 62 of 76 
 
351. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands 
352. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
353. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT NINETEEN  
Sex Offender Registry—Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. § 1721 et seq. 
 
354. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 353 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
355. 
Epstein was required to, and did, register under the Virgin Islands Sexual 
Offender Registration and Community Protection Act ("SORCPA") codified at 14 V.I.C. § 1721 
et seq. 
356. 
SORCPA requires that offenders required to register provide information 
relating to intended travel in foreign commerce. 
357. 
On at least two occasions, Epstein traveled to Vienna and Monaco without 
disclosing that travel to the Virgin Islands sex offender registry. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 63 of 76 
 
358. 
Epstein's failure to disclose this travel before, during, or even after his travel was 
knowing. 
359. 
Epstein's violation SORPCA was part of a pattern of criminal activity that was 
not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
COUNT TWENTY  
Fraudulent Conveyance  
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. §§ 832-833 
 
360. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 359 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
361. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
362. 
Each Defendant engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to transferring assets to 
and between various entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, 
hinder or delay claims against them. 
363. 
Upon information and belief, in an effort to defeat the claims of creditors and 
avoid the oversight of the court probating his estate, Epstein, days before his death, transferred 
significant assets, including assets held by other Defendants, into The 1953 Trust. 
364. 
At the time of these transfers, Epstein had numerous actions pending against 
him related to his trafficking and sexual assaults seeking financial judgments. 
365. 
Through these transfers, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise fraudulently 
removed property and effects beyond the jurisdiction of the probate court. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 64 of 76 
 
366. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise were parties to the fraudulent conveyance of 
the property, real or personal, and/or the interests or rights arising out of property, contracts, or 
conveyances of Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise. 
367. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise acted with the intent to defeat, hinder, or 
delay creditors and claimants, including the Government of the Virgin Islands, in collecting on 
their judgements, debts and demands 
368. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
369. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
370. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-ONE  
Fraudulent Conveyance  
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. §§ 832-833 
 
371. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 370 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
372. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to commit 
fraudulent conveyances. 
373. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy, including, but not limited to, transferring assets to and between various 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 65 of 76 
 
entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, hinder or delay claims 
against them. 
374. 
Upon information and belief, in an effort to defeat the claims of creditors and 
avoid the oversight of the court probating his estate, Epstein, days before his death, transferred 
significant assets, including assets held by other Defendants, into The 1953 Trust. 
375. 
At the time of this transfer, Epstein had numerous actions pending against him 
related to his trafficking and sexual assaults seeking financial judgments. 
376. 
Through this transfer, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise fraudulently removed 
property and effects beyond the jurisdiction of the probate court. 
377. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise were parties to the fraudulent conveyance of 
the property, real or personal, and/or the interests or rights arising out of property, contracts, or 
conveyances of Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise. 
378. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise acted with the intent to defeat, hinder, or 
delay the Government of the Virgin Islands and other creditors and claimants to collect on their 
judgements, debts and demands. 
379. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in 
knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
380. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 66 of 76 
 
381. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-TWO  
Civil Conspiracy 
 
382. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 381 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
383. 
Defendants acted in concert and joined with others to perform the wrongful acts 
identified in Counts 1 to 13, among others, concealing the sexual abuse of minor females by 
unlawful means. 
384. 
Each co-conspirator knew, or in the exercise of reasonable care should have 
known, about the conduct of the others and about the common unlawful scheme. 
385. 
These unlawful acts could not have been carried to the length and extent 
accomplished without the common understanding shared by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise 
Defendants. 
386. 
Each of the Defendants had a duty to report, stop or terminate the wrongful 
conduct, but instead each Defendant concealed, assisted and furthered the wrongful acts by use 
of civil conspiracy. 
387. 
As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' conspiracy, the Virgin Island has 
been injured. 
388. 
Each co-conspirator is jointly and severally liable for the acts alleged herein. 
 
 
 
 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 67 of 76 
 
COUNT TWENTY-THREE  
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government—Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. § 843 
 
389. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 388 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
390. 
At all times relevant and material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
391. 
Each Defendant engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, making fraudulent 
claims upon the Government. 
392. 
The Epstein Enterprise misrepresented the purpose, activities, employment, and 
income of the Southern Trust Company, Inc., in order to obtain and maintain valuable tax 
incentives in order to fund the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. In addition, the 
Epstein Enterprise, with the active participation of Defendants Indyke and Kahn, used Southern 
Trust Company to employ, pay, and conceal the activities of participants in the criminal 
activities of the Enterprise. 
393. 
The Epstein Enterprise made and presented an application for tax incentives, 
testimony, and quarterly reports to the EDC, a commission of the Government, regarding the 
Southern Trust Company, knowing such claims to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent; knowingly 
and willfully falsified, concealed or covered up material facts regarding the Southern Trust 
Company; made false or fraudulent statements or representations about the purpose, activities, 
income, and employment of Southern Trust Company; and made and submitted false affidavits 
knowing the same to contain any fraudulent or fictitious statement or entry. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 68 of 76 
 
394. 
These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony, an 
application, and other documents that misrepresented that Southern Trust Company was 
engaged in, and failed to disclose it did not and could not carry out, in its stated purpose of 
providing consulting services in financial and biomedical informatics. 
395. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and young 
women in knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
396. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
397. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
398. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. § 600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-FOUR 
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government—Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 VI.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. § 843 
 
399. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 398 of this Complaint as 
if fully set forth herein. 
400. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to commit 
fraudulent conveyances. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 69 of 76 
 
401. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy, including, but not limited to, transferring assets to and between various 
entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, hinder or delay claims 
against them. 
402. 
The Epstein Enterprise misrepresented the purpose, activities, employment, and 
income of the Southern Trust Company, Inc., in order to obtain and maintain valuable tax 
incentives in order to fund the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. In addition, the Epstein 
Enterprise, with the active participation of Defendants Indyke and Kahn, used Southern Trust 
Company to employ, pay, and conceal the activities of participants in the criminal activities of 
the Enterprise. 
403. 
The Epstein Enterprise made and presented an application for tax incentives, 
testimony, and quarterly reports to the EDC, a commission of the Government, regarding the 
Southern Trust Company, knowing such claims to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent; knowingly 
and willfully falsified, concealed or covered up material facts regarding the Southern Trust 
Company; made false or fraudulent statements or representations about the purpose, activities, 
income, and employment of Southern Trust Company; and made and submitted false affidavits 
knowing the same to contain any fraudulent or fictitious statement or entry. 
404. 
These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony, an 
application, and other documents that misrepresented that Southern Trust Company was 
engaged in, and failed to disclose it did not and could not carry out, in its stated purpose of 
providing consulting services in financial and biomedical informatics. 
405. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 70 of 76 
 
forced labor, sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and young 
women in knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
406. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
407. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-FIVE 
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government—Cypress, Inc.; Maple, Inc.; Laurel, Inc. 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
14 V.I.C. §§ 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. § 843 
 
408. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 407 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
409. 
At all times relevant and material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
410. 
Each Defendant engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including but not limited to making fraudulent 
claims upon the Government. 
411. 
Defendants Cypress, Maple, and Laurel misrepresented the values of their assets 
held and expenses incurred in their annual reporting to the Government of the United States 
Virgin Islands for each of the tax years from 2011 to 2018. 
412. 
Defendant Cypress misrepresented the value of its assets held during each of these 
years by omitting the value of the 49 Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, New Mexico property that it 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 71 of 76 
 
acquired in or about December 2011, and misrepresented the value of its expenses incurred 
during each of these years by omitting the annual amounts of property taxes it paid for the New 
Mexico property. 
413. 
Defendant Maple misrepresented the value of its assets held during each of these 
years by omitting the value of the 9 East 71st Street, New York, New York property that it 
acquired in or about December 2011, and misrepresented the value of its expenses incurred 
during each of these years by omitting the annual amounts of property taxes it paid for the New 
York property. 
414. 
Defendant Laurel misrepresented the value of its assets held during each of these 
years by omitting the value of the 358 Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida property that it acquired 
in or about December 2011, and misrepresented the value of its expenses incurred during each of 
these years by omitting the annual amounts of property taxes it paid for the Palm Beach property. 
415. 
Epstein and Defendant/Co-Executor Kahn signed each of Cypress, Maple, and 
Laurel’s annual reports for these years in which they represented that “ALL STATEMENTS 
CONTAINED IN THIS APPLICATION, AND ANY ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTS, ARE 
TRUE AND CORRECT . . . .” 
416. 
Epstein appears to have maintained divided ownership of these properties, 
transferred ownership of them to the Virgin Islands, and then concealed this fact even from 
Virgin Islands authorities in an attempt to shield the properties from any judgment in the states 
where they are located. 
417. 
Defendants’ knowingly and willfully made false representations to the 
Government regarding the assets and expenses of Cypress, Maple, and Laurel, and their conduct 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 72 of 76 
 
in failing to inform the Government of each company’s true assets and expenses, constitute fraud 
upon the Government. 14 V.I.C. § 843. 
418. 
Defendants, through a pattern of criminal activity, acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or of real property. 
419. 
Defendants benefitted directly and indirectly from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. Defendants knowingly benefitted financially and/or 
obtained non-financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in 
human trafficking, forced sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and 
young women, in knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
420. 
At all material times herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO, 
14 V.I.C. §§ 600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-SIX 
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government—Cypress, Inc.; Maple, Inc.; Laurel, Inc. 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act,  
14 V.I.C. §§ 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C. § 843 
 
421. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 420 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
422. 
At all material times herein, each Defendant engaged in a conspiracy to commit 
fraudulent conveyances. 
423. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in 
the criminal conspiracy, including, but not limited to, transferring assets to and between various 
entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, hinder, or delay claims 
against them. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 73 of 76 
 
424. 
These false statements and documents included annual financial statements for the 
years 2011 to 2018 submitted by each Cypress, Maple, and Laurel to the Office of Lieutenant 
Governor of the Virgin Islands that misrepresented the value of the assets held and the amount of 
the expenses incurred by each company during each of these years. 
425. 
Epstein appears to have maintained divided ownership of these properties, 
transferred ownership of them to the Virgin Islands, and then concealed this fact even from 
Virgin Islands authorities in an attempt to shield the properties from any judgment in the states 
where they are located. 
426. 
Defendants knowingly benefitted financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from their participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, 
forced labor, sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and young 
women, in knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
Notice of Allegation of  
PUNITIVE DAMAGES 
 
427. 
The purpose of punitive damages in the common law is to punish the defendant 
for outrageous conduct that is reckless or intentional and to deter others from engaging in such 
conduct in the future. 
428. 
This Complaint describes intentional conduct so egregious, persistent, and 
injurious that it shocks the conscience and offends a civilized society. 
429. 
Punitive damages are especially important in the case of persons or companies 
that have so money, assets, and power that mere fines, penalties, and economic damages are 
simply not sufficient. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 74 of 76 
 
430. 
At all times material herein, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise engaged 
repeatedly in wrongful acts which were intentional and outrageous. The Government gives 
notice that it intends to pursue the possibility of punitive damages in any jury verdict. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
 
WHEREFORE, the Government respectfully requests that the Court: 
A. 
Enter a judgment in favor of the Government and against Defendants on all 
counts; 
B. 
Declare that Defendants, through the Epstein Enterprise, have engaged in a 
pattern of criminal activity in the Virgin Islands including but not limited to human trafficking, 
forced labor and sexual servitude of female children and young women, unlawful sexual contact, 
child sexual abuse, child abuse and neglect, rape, prostitution civil conspiracy and other offenses 
related offenses, and civil conspiracy;  
C. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610, enforce and maintain the criminal activity liens the 
Government is filing contemporaneously with this lawsuit, or shall file in connection with this 
action; 
D. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(1) and 14 V.I.C. § 141, issue an order forfeiting 
and divesting in favor of the Government of the Virgin Islands all of Defendants' interests in any 
real and personal property used to facilitate the criminal enterprise carried out by the Epstein 
Enterprise, including but not limited to Little St. James Island and Greater St. James Island; 
E. 
Issue an order forfeiting to the Government of the Virgin Islands any proceeds or 
funds obtained by Defendants, whether directly or indirectly, during the course of the criminal 
activity of the Epstein Enterprise; 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 75 of 76 
 
F. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(1), require Defendants to divest themselves of any 
real property or other interests in favor of the Government of the Virgin Islands used to further 
the goals of the Epstein Enterprise; 
G. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(3) and (5), order the dissolution of the Epstein 
Enterprise, including but not limited to, order the dissolution of the corporate Defendants; 
H. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(2) enter an injunction to prevent the further 
criminal conduct, and concealment of the criminal conduct, by the Epstein Enterprise; 
I. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(4), order the revocation of any and all licenses, 
permits and approvals that had been granted by any agency of the Territory, and require the 
repayment of any tax benefits that had been bestowed on any Defendant; 
J. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. §§ 607(a)(6) and 607(k), order all assets and funds of the 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein be placed into receivership; 
K. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(e), award the Government the maximum civil 
penalty for each and every violation of law committed by the Epstein Enterprise; 
L. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607, award treble damages and all other available 
remedies, including attorneys' fees and costs; 
M. 
Award compensatory and punitive damages for Defendants' civil conspiracy; 
N. 
Void the transfer of assets as fraudulently conveyed to the The 1953 Trust; 
O. 
Award such equitable relief, including disgorgement of all ill-gotten gains, as may 
be just and proper and appropriate, pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 608(c)(4), to protect the rights of 
victims and innocent persons in the interest of justice and consistent with the purposes of CICO; 
P. 
Assess and award a judgment in favor of the Government and against the 
Defendants for attorneys’ fees and costs and pre- and post-judgment interest; and 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI’s Second Amended Complaint  
Page 76 of 76 
 
Q. 
Award any and all other relief this Court deems appropriate. 
 
The Government demands a jury trial on all issues so triable. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQ. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ATTORNEY GENERAL  
 
Dated: February 10, 2021 
 
 
/s/ Carol Thomas-Jacobs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAROL THOMAS-JACOBS, ESQ. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assistant Attorney General 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Office of the Attorney General 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
 
 
 
 
 
 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email: ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10101 
 
