METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Edwards v. Maxwell, No. 117-mc-00025 (S.D.N.Y. 2016)
METADATA_FILENAME: 010-17.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT Q 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 1 of 37

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 2 of 37
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
IN 
THE 
CIRCUIT 
COURT 
OF 
THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
Complex Litigation, Fla. R. Civ. Pro. 1.201 
CASE NO. 
SO 2009CA01t 08 C\G'ftt/..MB 
SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, individually, 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and 
L.M., individually, 
COPY 
RECEIVED FOR FILING 
DEC O 7 i00a 
l?l'li'lf'll;iN I'\, ~QGK 
Qblli"'t\' ceMl<l'fFlgbbil"I 
~\f\@Y\'I' !'}\\/lb §11/l§l©N 
Defendants. 
________________ _,/ 
COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, (hereinafter "EPSTEIN"), by and through his 
undersigned attorneys, files this action against Defendants, SCOTT ROTHSTEIN, 
individually, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, individually, and L.M., individually. Accordingly, 
EPSTEIN states: 
SUMMARY OF ACTION 
Attorney Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers and employees at the firm 
of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, P.A. for personal greed and enrichment, in betrayal 
of the ethical, legal and fiduciary duties to their own clients and professional obligations 
to the administration of justice, deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that 
involved a staggering series of gravely serious obstructions of justice, actionable frauds, 
and the orchestration and conducting of egregious civil litigation abuses that resulted in 
profoundly serious injury to Jeffrey Epstein one of several targets of their misconduct 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 3 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page2 
and others. 
Rothstein and RRA's fraud had no boundary; Rothstein and his co-
conspirators forged Federal court orders and opinions. Amongst the violations of law 
that are the subject of this lawsuit are the marketing of non-existent Epstein settlements 
and the sanctioning of a series of depositions that were unrelated to any principled 
litigation purpose but instead designed to discover extraneous private information about 
Epstein or his personal and business associates (including well-known public figures) in 
order to defraud investors and support extortionate demands for payment from Epstein. 
The misconduct featured the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil litigation 
strategy that was unrelated to the merits or value of their clients' cases and, instead, 
had as its improper purpose the furthering of Rothstein's misrepresentations and deceit 
to third party investors. As a result, Epstein was subject to abusive investigatory tactics, 
unprincipled media attacks, and unsupportable legal filings. This lawsuit is filed and will 
be vigorously pursued against all these defendants. The Rothstein racketeering 
enterprise endeavored to compromise the core values of both state and federal justice 
systems in South Florida and to vindicate the hardworking and honest lawyers and their 
clients who were adversely affected by the misconduct that is the subject of this 
Complaint. 
Plaintiff reserves the right to add additional defendants - co-conspirators as the 
facts and evidence is developed. 
GENERAL ALLEGATONS 
1. This is an action for damages in excess of $15,000.00, exclusive costs, interest, 
and attorneys' fees. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 4 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 3 
2. 
Plaintiff, EPSTEIN, is an adult and currently is residing and works in Palm Beach 
County, Florida. 
3. 
Defendant, SCOTT ROTHSTEIN ("ROTHSTEIN"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida, and was licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. In 
November 2009, ROTHSTEIN voluntarily relinquished his law license in the midst of the 
implosion of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. ("RRA"). He was disbarred by the 
Florida Supreme Court on November 20, 2009. On December 1, 2009, ROTHSTEIN 
was arrested and arraigned in Federal Court in Broward County, Florida. 
4. At all times relevant hereto, ROTHSTEIN was the managing partner and CEO of 
RRA. 
5. Defendant, ROTHSTEIN and Stuart Rosenfeldt, are and were the principal 
owners of equity in RRA and each co-founded RRA. 
6. 
Defendant, BRADLEY J. EDWARDS ("EDWARDS"), is an individual residing in 
Broward County, Florida and is licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. At all 
times relevant hereto, EDWARDS was an employee, agent, associate, partner, 
shareholder, and/or other representative of RRA. 
7. 
Defendant, L.M. ("L.M."), is an individual residing in Palm Beach County, Florida. 
At all times relevant hereto, L.M. was represented by RRA, ROTHSTEIN and 
EDWARDS in a civil lawsuit against Epstein and was an essential participant in the 
scheme referenced infra by, among other things, substantially changing prior sworn 
testimony, so as to assist the Defendants in promoting their fraudulent scheme for the 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 5 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page4 
promise of a multi-million dollar recovery relative to the Civil Actions (defined below) 
involving Epstein, which was completely out of proportion to her alleged damages. 
8. 
Non-party, RRA is a Florida Professional Service Corporation, with a principal 
address of 401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33401. In addition 
to its principal office, RRA also maintained seven offices in Florida, New York, and 
Venezuela, and employed over 70 attorneys and 200 support staff. RRA also maintains 
an office at 1109 NE 2d Street, Hallendale Beach, Florida 33009-8515. RRA, through 
its attorneys, including those named as Defendants herein, conducted business 
throughout Florida, and relevant to this action, conducted business and filed lawsuits on 
behalf of clients in Palm Beach County, Florida. 
(RRA is currently a debtor in 
bankruptcy. RRA is not named as a Defendant). 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
9. The United States in United States of America v. Scott W. Rothstein, Case No. 
09-60331CR-Cohn, United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, has 
brought an action for Racketeering Conspiracy, 18 U.S.C. § 1962(d) against Scott W. 
Rothstein who was the chief executive officer and chairman of RRA. 
Within the 
information which was filed, the United States of America has identified the enterprise 
as being the law firm, RRA, through which Rothstein in conjunction with "his co-
conspirators" (not yet identified by the USA) engaged in the pattern of racketeering 
through its base of operation at the offices of RRA from sometime in 2005 up through 
and continuing into November of 2009. Through various criminal activities, including 
mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering, the United States of America asserts that 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 6 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page5 
Rothstein and his co-conspirators unlawfully obtained approximately $1.2 billion from 
investors by fraud in connection with a Ponzi scheme. The USA further alleges that 
"Rothstein and co-conspirators initiated the criminal conduct alleged in the instant 
Information in order to personally enrich themselves and to supplement the income and 
sustain the daily operation of RRA." In essence, in the absence of Rothstein and his co-
conspirators conducting the Ponzi scheme, the daily operation of RRA, which included 
payroll (compensation to lawyers, staff, investigators, etc.), accounts payable including 
unlimited improper, harassing and potential illegal investigation on cases, including 
Epstein-related matters, would in all likelihood would not have been sustainable. A copy 
of the information is attached as Exhibit 1 to this action. 
10. As more fully set forth herein, RRA held itself out as legitimately and properly 
engaging in the practice of law. In reality, ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA were using 
RRA to market investments, as described below, so as to bilk investors out of hundreds 
of millions of dollars. 
ROTHSTEIN and others in RRA devised an elaborate plan 
through which were sold purported confidential assignments of a structured pay-out 
settlements, supposedly reached on behalf of RRA for clients, in exchange for 
immediate payments to these clients of a discounted lump sum amount. Investors were 
being promised in excess of a 30% return on their investment which was to be paid out 
to the investors over time. While some of the cases relied upon to induce investor 
funding were existing filed cases, it is believed that the confidential, structured pay-out 
settlements were all fabricated. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 7 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page6 
11. Based on media reports, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) press 
conferences and releases and the Information the massive Ponzi scheme and pattern of 
criminal activity meant to lure investors began sometime in 2005 and continued through 
the fall of 2009, when the scheme was uncovered by some of the investors and the FBI. 
As of November of 2009, civil lawsuits were and continue to be filed against various 
Defendants as result of their massive fraudulent and criminal scheme. 
12. This fraudulent and illegal investment scheme is also evidenced by the filing of 
Amended Complaint For Dissolution And For Emergency Transfer of Corporate Powers 
to Stuart A. Rosenfeldt, Or, In The Alternative, For the Appointment of A Custodian or 
Receiver by ROSENFELDT, and RRA, against ROTHSTEIN, individually. (Case No. 09 
059301, In the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit, Broward County, 
Florida, Complex Business Div.), (hereinafter "RRA dissolution action, and attached 
hereto as Exhibit 2). 
13. Plaintiff references the RRA dissolution action for the sole purpose that it 
acknowledges that RRA and ROTHSTEIN were in fact conducting an illegal and 
improper investment or Ponzi scheme based on promises of financial returns from 
settlements or outcomes of supposed legal actions, including the actions brought 
against Plaintiff EPSTEIN. 
The RRA dissolution action alleges in part that -
"ROTHSTEIN, the managing partner and CEO of the firm (RRA), has, according to 
assertions of certain investors, allegedly orchestrated a substantial misappropriation of 
funds from investor trust accounts that made use of the law firm's name (RRA). The 
investment business created and operated by ROTHSTEIN centered around the sale of 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 8 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page7 
interests in structured settlements." See Preliminary Statement of RRA dissolution 
action, Exhibit 2 hereto. 
14. In furtherance of the scheme, RRA's letterhead was used in communications 
regarding investment opportunities in purported structured settlements. 
RRA's trust 
account was used to deposit hundreds of millions of dollars or wire transfer of monies 
from duped investors and other victims. RRA personally guaranteed payments. 
15. Rothstein's scheme went so far as to manufacture false and fraudulent Court 
opinions/orders including forging the signatures of U.S. District Judge, Kenneth A. 
Marra and U.S. Circuit Court Judge, Susan H. Black, 11 th Circuit in other cases. It is not 
yet known if he forged similar documents in Esptein related matters. See Composite 
Exhibit 3 hereto. 
16. The details of this fraudulent scheme are being revealed on a daily basis through 
various media reports and court documents. The most recent estimate of the financial 
scope of the scheme is that it exceeds $1.2 billion dollars. 
17. Relevant to this action, EPSTEIN is currently named as a defendant in three civil 
actions alleging, inter alia, sexual assault and battery that were handled by RRA and its 
attorneys including EDWARDS prior to its implosion - one of which is filed in federal 
court (Jane Doe v. Epstein, Case No. 08-CIV-80893, U.S.D.C. S.D. Fla.)(Jane Doe is a 
named Defendant herein), and two of which have been filed in state court in the 15th 
Judicial Circuit Court, Palm Beach County, State of Florida, (L.M. v. Epstein, Case No. 
502008CA028051XXXXMB AB; E.W. v. Epstein, Case No. 502008CA028058XXXXMB 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 9 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page8 
AB), (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Civil Actions," and L.M is a named 
Defendant herein). The Civil Actions were all filed in August and September of 2008. 
18. What is clear is that a fraudulent and improper investment or Ponzi scheme was 
in fact conducted and operated by RRA and certain of the named Defendants, which 
scheme directly impacted EPSTEIN as a named defendant in the Civil Actions. 
19. Miami attorney and developer, Alan Sakowitz, was quoted in a November 2009 
article as saying that he had met with ROTHSTEIN as a potential investor in August of 
2009, but became suspicious. He stated "I was convinced it was all a Ponzi scheme 
and I notified the FBI in detail how Scotty ROTHSTEIN was hiding behind a legitimate 
law firm to peddle fake investments." Attorney Sakowitz was also quoted as saying 
ROTHSTEIN had sophisticated eavesdropping equipment and former law enforcement 
officers who would sift through a potential defendants' garbage looking for damaging 
evidence to use with investors to show how potential defendants could be in essence 
blackmailed into paying settlement that far exceeded the value of any legitimate 
damage claim. 
20. Ft. Lauderdale attorney William Scherer represents multiple Rothstein related 
investors. He indicated in an article that RRNRothstein had used the "Epstein Ploy ... 
as a showpiece as bait. That's the way he raised all the money. He would use ... cases 
as bait for luring investors into fictional cases. All the cases he allegedly structured 
were fictional. I don't believe there was a real one in there." In fact, on November 20, 
2009, William Scherer, on behalf of certain clients, filed a 147 page Complaint against 
ROTHSTEIN, David Boden, Debra Villegas, Andrew Barnett, TD Bank, N.A., Frank 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 10 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page9 
Spinosa, Jennifer Kerstetter, Rosanne Caretsky and Frank Preve asserting various 
allegations that further prove the massive Ponzi scheme behind the RRA fa9ade; and 
as of November 25, 2009, a 249 page Amended Complaint naming additional 
Defendants was filed. 
21. In addition, and upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN, David Boden, Debbie 
Villegas, Andrew Barnett, Michael Fisten and Kenneth Jenne (all employees of RRA) 
through brokers or middlemen would stage regular meetings during which false 
statements were made about the number of cases/clients that existed or RRA had 
against EPSTEIN and the value thereof. They would show and share actual case files 
from the EPSTEIN actions with hedge fund managers. Thus, the attorneys and clients 
have waived any attorney-client or work- product privileges that otherwise may have 
existed. 
22. Because potential investors were given access to some of the actual Civil Action 
files, investor-third parties may have became aware of a name of an existing Plaintiff 
who had filed anonymously against Epstein and had opposed disclosure of her legal 
name. 
23. In all other instances, by RRA, ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS claiming the need 
for anonymity with regard to existing or fabricated clients, they were able to effectively 
use initials, Jane Doe or other anonymous designations which was a key element in the 
fraudulent scheme. Fictitious names could be created to make the investors believe 
many other cases existed against Epstein. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 11 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 10 
24. In each of RRA's Civil Actions, the Plaintiffs are or were represented by RRA and 
its attorneys, including ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS. 
25. In addition, investors were told that in addition to the Civil Actions another fifty 
(50) plus anonymous females were represented by RRA, with the potential for hundreds 
of millions of dollars in settlements, and that RRA and its attorneys would sue Epstein 
unless he paid exorbitant-settlement amounts to protect his high-profile friends. 
26. Upon information and belief, 
EDWARDS knew or should have known that 
ROTHSTEIN was utilizing RRA as a front for the massive Ponzi scheme and/or were 
selling an alleged interest or investment in the Civil Actions (and other claims) involving 
Epstein. 
27. Further evidencing that EDWARDS (and possibly other attorneys of RRA) knew 
or should have known and participated in the continuation of the massive Ponzi 
scheme, a front-page Palm Beach Post article, dated November 24, 2009, reported on 
the recent filing of an amended forfeiture complaint by prosecutors against "dozens of 
ROTHSTEIN's real estate properties, foreign cars, restaurants and other assets -
including $12 million in the lawyer's bank account in Morocco, along with millions more 
donated to political campaigns and charitable funds." The article further reported that -
Attorney Scott ROTHSTEIN tapped into millions of dollars from his massive 
investment scam to cover payroll costs at his expanding Fort Lauderdale 
law firm, federal authorities said in court records released Monday. 
ROTHSTEIN's law firm (RRA) generated revenue of $8 million in one 
recent year, yet his 70-lawyer law firm had a payroll of $18 million, 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 12 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 11 
prosecutors said. ROTHSTEIN, who owned half of RRA used investors' 
money from his Ponzi scheme to make up the shortfall, they said. 
Subsequent articles and court filings have reflected ROTHSTEIN received 
compensation in excess of $35.7 million in 2008 and $10.5 million in 2009, while 
his partner Rosenfeldt received greater than $6 million in 2008. 
28. ROTHSTEIN attempted to lure the entity known as D3 Capital Club, LLC, ("D3"), 
by offering D3 "the opportunity" to invest in a pre-suit $30,000,000.00 court settlement 
against EPSTEIN; yet this supposed settlement never existed and was entirely 
fabricated. To augment his concocted story, ROTHSTEIN, upon information and belief, 
invited D3 to his office to view thirteen (13) banker's boxes of case files in Jane Doe 
(one of the Civil Actions)1 in an attempt to substantiate that the claims against EPSTEIN 
were legitimate and that the evidence obtained against him by RRA, ROTHSTEIN, and 
EDWARDS (the "Litigation Team") was real. 
29. Upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN and others offered other investors like 
the entity D3 fabricated investment opportunities in the Civil Actions involving EPSTEIN. 
Fisten (a former Dade County police officer with a questionable police record and RRA 
investigator) and Jenne (a former attorney, Broward County Sheriff and felon) assisted 
ROTHSTEIN in making these offers by providing confidential, privileged and work-
product information to prospective third-party investors. 
1 It appears that 13 out of the 40 boxes seized by the FBI as part of its investigation at RRA 
consisted of files relating to the Civil Actions involving EPSTEIN, as reported by counsel for the 
Bankruptcy Trustee. Until those boxes can be reviewed, as well as other discovery, Epstein will 
not know the depth of the fraud and those involved. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 13 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 12 
30. By using the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN as "bait" and fabricating settlements 
regarding same, 
ROTHSTEIN and others were able to lure investors into 
ROTHSTEIN'S lair and bilked them of millions of dollars which, in turn, was used to fund 
the litigation against EPSTEIN for the sole purpose of continuing the massive Ponzi 
scheme. 
31. As part of this scheme, ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team, individually and in 
a concerted effort, may have unethically and illegally: 
a. Sold, allowed to be sold and/or assisted with the sale of an interest in non-
settled personal injury lawsuits (which are non-assignable and non-
transferable) or sold non-existent structured settlements (including those 
cases involving Epstein); 
b. Reached agreements to share attorneys fees with non-lawyers; 
c. Used investor money to pay plaintiffs (i.e., L.M., E.W. and Jane Doe) "up 
front" money such that plaintiffs would refuse to settle the Civil Actions; 
d. Conducted searches, wiretaps or intercepted conversations in violation of 
state or federal laws and Bar rules; and 
e. Utilized the judicial process including, but not limited to, unreasonable and 
unnecessary discovery, for the sole purpose of furthering the Ponzi 
scheme. 
32. Any such actions by ROTHSTEIN, and other attorneys, including the Litigation 
Team, directly or indirectly, would potentially be a violation of various Florida Bar Rules, 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 14 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 13 
including prohibiting the improper sharing of fees or costs and various conflicts of issues 
rules. 
33. Evidencing that the Litigation Team knew or should have known of the improper 
purpose that ROTHSTEIN was pursuing in the continuation of the scheme, 
ROTHSTEIN used RRA's Litigation Team in the EPSTEIN cases to pursue issues and 
evidence unrelated to and unnecessary to the claims pied in the Civil Actions, but 
significantly beneficial to lure investors into the Ponzi scheme orchestrated by 
ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators. 
34. Upon information and belief, ROTHSTEIN and others claimed their investigators 
discovered that there were high-profile individuals onboard Epstein's private jet where 
sexual assaults took place and showed D3 (and possibly others) copies of a flight log 
purportedly containing names of celebrities, dignitaries, and international figures. 
35. For instance, the Litigation Team relentlessly and knowingly pursued flight data 
and passenger manifests regarding flights EPSTEIN took with these famous individuals 
knowing full well that no underage women were onboard and no illicit activities took 
place. ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team also inappropriately attempted to take the 
depositions of these celebrities in a calculated effort to bolster the marketing scam that 
was taking place. 
36. One of Plaintiffs' counsel, EDWARDS, deposed three of EPSTEIN'S pilots, and 
sought the deposition of a fourth pilot (currently serving in Iraq). The pilots were 
deposed by EDWARDS for over twelve (12) hours, and EDWARDS never asked one 
question relating to or about E.W., L.M., and Jane Doe (RRA clients) as it related to 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 15 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 14 
transportation on flights of RRA clients on any of EPSTEIN'S planes. But EDWARDS 
asked many inflammatory and leading irrelevant questions about the pilots' thoughts 
and beliefs (which will never be admissible at trial) which could only have been asked 
for the purposes of "pumping" the cases and thus by using the depositions to sell the 
cases (or a part of them) to third parties. 
37. Because of these facts, ROTHSTEIN claimed that Epstein wanted to make 
certain none of these individuals would be deposed and therefore he had offered 
$200,000,000.00 to settle the claims of RRA female clients various potential plaintiffs in 
actions against EPSTEIN. The offer of a $200 million dollar settlement by EPSTEIN 
was completely fabricated; no such offer had ever been made. 
38. EDWARDS' office also notified Defendant that he intended to take the 
depositions of and was subpoenaing: 
(i) Donald Trump (real-estate magnate and business mogul); 
(ii) Alan Dershowitz (noted Harvard Law professor, constitutional attorney 
and one of EPSTEIN'S criminal defense attorneys); 
(iii)Bill Clinton (Former President of the United States); 
(iv)Tommy Mottola (former President of Sony Record); and 
(v) David Copperfield (illusionist). 
39. The above-named individuals were friends and acquaintances of EPSTEIN with 
whom he knew through business or philanthropic work over the years. None of the 
above-named individuals had any connection whatsoever with any of the Litigation 
Team's clients, E.W., L.M. or Jane Doe. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 16 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 15 
40. EDWARDS filed amended answers to interrogatories in the state court matters, 
E.W. and L.M., and listed additional high profile witnesses that would allegedly be called 
at trial, including, but not limited to: 
(i) Bill 
Richardson 
(Governor of New Mexico, 
formerly 
U.S. 
Representative and Ambassador to the United Nations); and 
(ii) Any and all persons having knowledge of EPSTEIN'S charitable, 
political or other donations;2 
41. The sole purpose of the scheduling of these depositions or listing high profile 
friends/acquaintances as potential witnesses was, again, to "pump" the cases to 
investors. There is no evidence to date that any of these individuals had or have any 
knowledge regarding RRA's Civil Actions. 
42. In furtherance of their illegal and fraudulent scheme against EPSTEIN, 
ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS (who either know or should have known) and, at times, L.M. 
in her Civil Action against EPSTEIN: 
a) Included claims for damages in Jane Doe's federal action in 
excess of $50,000,000.00 rather than simply alleging the 
jurisdictional limits. 
b) Organized a Jane Doe TV media interview without any legitimate 
legal purpose other than to "pump" the federal case for potential 
2 These high-profile celebrity "purported" witnesses have no personal knowledge regarding the facts on 
these "Three Cases", but were being contacted, subpoenaed or listed to harass and intimidate them and 
Epstein, and to add "star'' appeal to the marketing effort of the Ponzi scheme. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 17 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 16 
investors or to prejudice Epstein's right to a fair trial in Palm 
Beach County. 
c) EDWARDS, Berger and Russell Adler (another named partner in 
RRA) all attended EPSTEIN's deposition. 
At that time, 
outrageous questions were asked of EPSTEIN which had no 
bearing on the case, but so that the video and questions could be 
shown to investors. 
d) Conducted and attempted to conduct completely irrelevant 
discovery unrelated to the claims in or subject matter of the Civil 
Actions for the purpose of harassing and embarrassing witnesses 
and EPSTEIN and causing EPSTEIN to spend tens of thousands 
of dollars in unnecessary attorneys' fees and costs defending 
what appeared to be discovery related to the Civil Actions but was 
entirely related to the furtherance of the Ponzi scheme. 
e) After EDWARDS was recruited and joined RRA in the spring of 
2009, the tone and tenor of rhetoric directed to cases against 
EPSTEIN used by Attorney EDWARDS and Berger changed 
dramatically in addressing the court on various motions from 
being substantive on the facts pied to ridiculously inflammatory 
and sound-bite rich such as the July 31, 2009, transcript when 
EDWARDS stated to the Court in E.W./L.M.: "What the evidence 
is really going to show is that Mr. Epstein - at least dating back as 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 18 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 17 
far as our investigation and resources have permitted, back to 
1997 or '98 - has every single day of his life, made an attempt to 
sexually abuse children. We're not talking about five, we're not 
talking about 20, we're not talking about 100, we're not talking 
about 400, which, I believe, is the number known to law 
enforcement, we are talking about thousands of children ... and it 
is through a very intricate and complicated system that he devised 
where he has as many as 20 people working underneath him that 
he is paying well to schedule these appointments, to locate these 
girls." 
f) As an example, EDWARDS filed an unsupportable and legally 
deficient Motion for Injunction Restraining Fraudulent Transfer of 
Assets, Appointment of a Receiver to Take Charge of Property of 
Epstein, and to Post a $15 million Bond to Secure Potential 
Judgment, in Jane Doe v. Epstein, Case No. 08-CV-80893-
Marra/Johnson. The motion was reported in the press as was the 
ultimate goal (i.e., to "pump" the cases for investor following). 
However, the Court found "Plaintiff's motion entirely devoid of 
evidence ... ", and denied the motion in toto. 
g) ROTHSTEIN told investors he had another 52 females that he 
represented, and that Epstein had offered $200 million to resolve, 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 19 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 18 
but that he could settle, confidently, these cases for $500 million, 
separate and apart from his legal fees. 
h) ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team knew or should have known 
that their three (3) filed cases were weak and had minimal value 
for the following reasons: 
(i) 
L.M. - testified she never had any type of sex with 
Epstein; worked at numerous strip clubs; is an 
admitted prostitute and call girl; has a history of 
illegal drug use (pot, painkillers, Xanax, Ecstasy); 
and continually asserted the 5th Amendment 
during her depositions in order to avoid answering 
relevant but problem questions for her; 
(ii) 
E.W. -
testified she worked at eleven (11) 
separate strip clubs, including Cheetah 
which 
RRA represented and in which ROTHSTEIN may 
have owned an interest; and E.W. also worked at 
Platinum Showgirls in Boynton Beach, which was 
the subject of a recent police raid where dancers 
were allegedly selling prescription painkillers and 
drugs to customers and prostituting themselves. 
(iii) 
Jane Doe (federal case) seeks $50 million from 
Epstein. 
She and her attorneys claim severe 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 20 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 19 
emotional distress as a result of her having 
voluntarily gone to Epstein's home. She testified 
that there was never oral, 
and or sexual 
intercourse; nor did she ever touch his genitalia. 
Yet, Jane Doe suffered extreme emotional distress 
well prior to meeting Epstein as a result of having 
witnessed her father murder his girlfriend's son. 
She was required to give sworn testimony in that 
matter and has admitted that she has lied in sworn 
testimony. Jane Doe worked at two different strip 
clubs, including Platinum Showgirls in Boynton 
Beach. 
i) Conducted 
ridiculous 
and 
irrelevant 
discovery 
such 
as 
subpoenaing records from an alleged sex therapist, Dr. Leonard 
Bard in Massachusetts, when the alleged police report reflected 
that EPSTEIN had only seen a chiropractor in Palm Beach named 
Dr. Bard. No records relating to EPSTEIN existed for this alleged 
sex therapist, Dr. Bard, and the alleged subpoena for records was 
just another mechanism to "pump" the cases for investor appeal; 
j) Allowed a Second Amended Complaint to be filed on behalf of 
L.M. alleging that EPSTEIN forced the minor into "oral sex," yet 
L.M. testified that she never engaged in oral, anal, or vaginal 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 21 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 20 
intercourse with EPSTEIN and she had never touched his 
genitalia. 
k) Told investors, as reported in an Associated Press article, that 
celebrities and other famous people had flown on EPSTEIN'S 
plane when assaults took place. Therefore, even though none 
(zero) of RRA's clients claim they flew of EPSTEIN'S planes, the 
Litigation Team sought pilot and plane logs. Why? Again, to 
prime the investment "pump" with new money without any 
relevance to the existing claims made by the RRA clients. 
I) After EDWARDS joined RRA, EDWARDS and former Circuit 
Judge William Berger filed and argued motion to make the Non-
Prosecution Agreement (NPA) between Epstein and USAO 
public. But, RRA, EDWARDS and Berger, and their three clients, 
already had a copy of the NPA. They knew what it said and they 
knew the civil provisions in the agreement had no impact 
whatsoever on the three pending Civil Actions. 
The concept behind certain civil provisions in the NPA was 
to allow an alleged victim to resolve a civil claim with Epstein, 
maintain her complete privacy and anonymity and move on with 
her life. 
As an assistant United States Attorney stated at a 
hearing in federal court, the NPA was not designed "to hand them 
a jackpot or a key to a bank." 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 22 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 21 
43. ROTHSTEIN, with the intent and improper motive to magnify his financial gain 
so continue to fund the fraudulent and illegal investment and/or Ponzi scheme, had 
EDWARDS demand excessive money from EPSTEIN in the Civil Actions. 
44. The actions described in paragraph 42 above herein had no legitimate purpose in 
pursuing the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, but rather were meant to further the 
fraudulent scheme and criminal activity of ROTHSTEIN so that he and others could 
fraudulently overvalue the settlement value of the existing and non-existent claims 
against EPSTEIN to potential investors. 
45. As a result of the fraudulent investment or (Ponzi) scheme, RRA and its 
attorneys in the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN may have compromised their clients' 
interests. ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team would have been unable to give 
unbiased legal counsel because outside investor(s) had been promised a financial 
interest in the outcome of the actions. Additionally, if a plaintiff received payments from 
investment monies while her action is pending, this clearly could impact the plaintiffs 
decision of whether or not to settle the current litigation or shade their testimony (i.e. 
commit perjury) to gain the greatest return on the investment and to further promote the 
Ponzi Scheme. 
46. 
The truthfulness of L.M.'s allegations and testimony in L.M.'s state civil 
action have been severely compromised by the need to seek a multi-million dollar 
payout to help maintain RRA's massive fraud. Because fictitious settlements of tens of 
millions of dollars in cases relating to EPSTEIN were represented to "investors" in this 
Ponzi scheme, RRA and the attorneys in the Civil Actions needed to create a fiction that 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 23 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 22 
included extraordinary damages. However, the actual facts behind her action would 
never support such extraordinary damages. Therefore, extraordinary measures were 
undertaken to create an entirely inflated value of her claims against EPSTEIN. 
a. Though she held herself out as a "victim" of Epstein, she admitted to having 
returned over and over again to him despite her current claim of abuse. She 
has now admitted, under oath, to being a call girl/escort since the age of 15. 
(in her deposition September 24, 2009 Transcript "OT" 280:16-19). 
She 
testified "Well, I lived life as a prostitute," (see OT 156:7) and "I am a 
prostitute when I make money" (see OT 156:12-13). 
L.M. admitted her 
activity with men other than Epstein to making $1,000 a day from prostitution 
on maybe more than 20 occasions in one year alone (OT 157:11-158:21). 
L.M. admitted under oath to keeping a list of amounts she collected from 
"Johns" in "two or three" lined books including a book of "Psalms" that she 
obtained from a religious store (OT 152:1-14). Under the circumstances, her 
claim for damages against EPSTEIN, one of L.M.'s many "Johns" during that 
same period, would be so incredible and certainly not likely to produce the 
extraordinary settlements promised to "RRA's investors." 
47. 
In April 2007, before she was represented by EDWARDS, and RRA, L.M. 
gave sworn taped recorded testimony to the agents of the FBI. She was represented 
by a lawyer other than EDWARDS at that statement. She spoke of EPSTEIN in a very 
positive and friendly terms and directly contradicted the central allegations on which 
L.M.'s civil action against Epstein is now based. 
However, once in the hands of 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 24 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 23 
EDWARDS and RRA, L.M.'s story changed dramatically. All of a sudden she wanted to 
sue EPSTEIN and like other RRA clients, sought tens of millions of dollars. 
a. For example, in her sworn statement to the FBI, L.M. was insistent that 
"Jeffrey is an awesome man." (p. 21 - FBI); At the conclusion of she 
stated: "I hope Jeffrey, nothing happens to Jeffrey because he's an 
awesome man and it really would be a shame. It's a shame that he has to 
go through this because he's an awesome guy and he didn't do nothing 
wrong, nothing." (pp. 57-58 - FBI). 
In fact, L.M. spoke so highly of 
EPSTEIN and her interactions with him that the US Attorney's office 
informed a federal court in July 2008 that the US Attorney could not 
consider L.M. a victim. 
Yet, by September 24, 2009, the date on which L.M. began her 
deposition in her civil action and now represented by RRA and 
EDWARDS, L.M.'s new and very different tale about purported sexual 
misconduct under the supposed influence of EPSTEIN had been 
thoroughly rehearsed and her role into the ROTHSTEIN scam was 
complete. In her deposition in her civil action, L.M. declared that: 
"I, I don't really care about money.'' (DT 206:8) 
"He needs time in jail. He doesn't want to be - this is not right for 
him to be on the streets living daily ... " (DT 219:21-23) 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 25 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 24 
"You don't think my whole life I have lived that shitty life because of 
Jeffrey Epstein?" (DT 222:7-8) 
b. 
In her sworn FBI testimony (pre-EDWARDS and RRA), L.M. was 
emphatic that her interactions with Epstein involved no inappropriate 
sexual touching in any way. In fact, it was exactly the opposite: 
Q: Did he at any point kiss you, touch you, show any kind of 
affection towards you? 
A: Never, never. (p. 21 - FBI) ... 
Q: So he never pulled you closer to him in a sexual way? 
A: I wish. 
No, no, never, ever, ever, no, never. 
Jeffrey is an 
awesome man, no. (p. 21 - FBI) 
Yet, L.M. filed her second amended complaint in April 2009, 
after EDWARDS joined RRA, the allegations against EPSTEIN in 
L.M.'s complaint became even more salacious. In paragraph 12 of 
L.M.'s Second Amended Complaint, L.M. alleges among other 
things, that: 
"Jeffrey Epstein coerced, induced, or enticed ... the then minor 
Plaintiff to commit various acts of sexual misconduct. These acts 
included, but were not limited to, fondling and inappropriate and 
illegal sexual touching of the then minor Plaintiff, forcing or inducing 
the then minor plaintiff into oral sex or other sexual misconduct. .. " 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 26 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 25 
c. In her sworn FBI statement (pre-EDWARDS and RRA), L.M. testified that 
Carolyn Andriano, the individual who first brought L.M. to EPSTEIN's 
home, told L.M. "make sure you're 18 because Jeffrey doesn't want any 
underage girls." (p. 8 - FBI). 
Yet at her September, 2009 deposition now represented by 
EDWARDS and RRA, L.M. told a very different story: 
Q: My question was what did Carolyn tell you to tell Mr. Epstein 
about your age? 
A: She said it didn't matter. 
Q: That's your recollection about what she said? 
A: Yes, she said - I remember her saying it doesn't matter. Don't 
worry about it. 
(DT 199:20-25) 
d. 
Pre-EDWARDS and RRA, L.M. testified to the FBI: "I always made 
sure - I had a fake ID, anyways saying that I was 18." (p. 8 - FBI). 
stated: 
Yet, when questioned about her fake ID at her September 2009 depo, she 
Q: And did you have a fake ID? 
A: No. 
Q: Have you ever had a fake ID? 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 27 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 26 
A: No. 
(OT 300:5-8) 
e. 
In her FBI statement (pre-EDWARDS and RRA), L.M. testified 
about others L.M. brought to the Epstein home. L.M. testified that women she 
brought to EPSTEIN's home were eager for the opportunity and content with their 
experiences: 
A: None of my girls ever had a problem and they'd call me. They'd 
beg me, you know, for us to go to Jeffrey's house because they 
love Jeffrey. Jeffrey is a respectful man. He really is. I mean, and 
he all thought we were of age always. This is what's so sad about 
it. (p 30 - FBI). 
Q: Did any of the girls complain about what happened after they left 
there? 
A: No. You asked me that question. No, everybody loved Jeffrey. 
(p. 44 - FBI) 
A: Every girl that I brought to Jeffrey, they said they were fine with 
it. and like for example [E.W. - another of RRA's clients in the 
Civil Actions], a lot of girls begged me to bring them back for the 
money. And as far as I know, we all had fun there. (p. 45 - FBI) 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 28 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 27 
Yet, with EDWARDS and RRA as her attorneys, L.M. did a "180" at her 
September, 2009 deposition in saying: 
A: ... Once they were there, they were scared out of their mind. 
They did it anyways and some of them walked out and said L.M. 
don't ever do this to me again. That was the worst thing that ever 
happened to me. (OT 170:6-11) 
... A: And then, a lot of girls weren't comfortable. (DT 171 :13) 
f. 
The above represent only a few of the dramatic changes L.M. made 
in her testimony prior to her representation by EDWARDS/RRA and after she 
hired ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and RRA. 
48. As a result of the fraudulent investment or (Ponzi) scheme, L.M. may knowingly 
have compromised her alleged interests in her Civil Action, or committed a fraud on the 
court. 
49. RRA and the Litigation Team took an emotionally driven set of facts involving 
alleged innocent, unsuspecting, underage females and a Palm Beach Billionaire and 
sought to turn it into a gold mine. Rather than evaluating and resolving the cases based 
on the merits (i.e. facts) which included knowledgeable, voluntary and consensual 
actions by each of the claimants and substantial pre-Epstein psychological and 
emotional conditions of each of the claimants and substantial sexual experiences pre-
Epstein, RRA and the Litigation Team sought through protective orders and objections 
to block relevant discovery regarding their claimants. They instead forged ahead with 
discovery the main purpose of which was to pressure Epstein into settling the cases. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 29 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 28 
Fortunately, their tactics have not been successful. 
As Magistrate Judge Linnea 
Johnson wrote in a discovery order dated September 15, 2009 (DE 299 in Federal Case 
#08-80119) in denying Plaintiffs' Motion for Protective Order: 
"This is his [Epstein's] right. The Record in this case is clear that the childhood of 
many of the Plaintiffs was marred by instances of abuse and neglect, which in 
turn may have resulted, in whole or in part, in the damages claimed by the 
Plaintiffs." 
In addition, in an Omnibus Order dated October 28, 2009 (DE 377 in Federal 
Case #08-80119) Magistrate Judge Linnea Johnson wrote: 
"Here the request at issue goes to the very heart of the Plaintiff's damage claims, 
requesting not only general information relating to Plaintiff's sexual history, but 
inquiring as to specific instances wherein Plaintiff received compensation or 
consideration for sex acts, claim other males sexually assaulted, battered, or 
abuses her, and/or claim other males committed lewd or lascivious acts on her. 
As a global matter, Plaintiffs clearly and unequivocally place their sexual history 
in issue by their allegations that Epstein's actions in this case has negatively 
affected their relationships by, among other things, "distrust in men," "sexual 
intimacy problems," "diminished trust," "social problems," " problems in personal 
relationships," " feeling of stress around men," "premature teenage pregnancy," 
"antisocial behaviors," and "hyper-sexuality and promiscuity." Considering these 
allegation, there simply can be no question that Epstein is entitled to know 
whether Plaintiffs were molested or the subject of other "sexual activity" or "lewd 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 30 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 29 
and lascivious conduct" in order to determine whether there is an alternative 
basis for the psychological disorders Plaintiffs claim to have sustained, whether 
Plaintiffs engaged in prostitution or other similar type acts and how certain acts 
alleged in the Complaint materially affected Plaintiffs' relationships with others or 
how those acts did not have such an affect on those relationships and/or whether 
Plaintiffs suffered from the alleged emotional and psychological disorders as a 
result of other sexual acts prior to the acts alleged in the Complaint. To deny 
Epstein thus discovery, would be tantamount to barring him from mounting a 
defense." 
50. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M.'s actions constitute a fraud upon EPSTEIN 
as RRA, ROTHSTEIN and the Litigation Team represented themselves to be acting in 
good faith and with the bests interests of their clients in mind at all times when in reality, 
they were acting in furtherance of the investment or Ponzi scheme described herein. 
EPSTEIN justifiably relied to his detriment on the representations of RRA, and 
Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. as to how he conducted and defended 
the Civil Actions brought against him. 
51. As a direct and proximate result of the fraudulent and illegal investment or Ponzi 
scheme orchestrated by ROTHSTEIN and as yet other unknown co-conspirators and as 
a result of the litigation tactics undertaken by the Litigation Team and L.M. as set forth 
herein, Plaintiff EPSTEIN has incurred and continues to incur the monetary damages 
including, but not limited to, having to pay an amount in excess of the Civil Actions' true 
value as a result of them refusing to settle in that a percentage of any payment by 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 31 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page30 
EPSTEIN may have been promised to third party investors; incurring significant 
additional legal fees and costs as result of Defendants refusal to conduct settlement 
negotiations in a forthright and good faith manner because any monies paid by 
EPSTEIN is in reality a promised return on an investment; and incurred significant 
attorneys' fees and costs in defending the discovery that was not relevant, material 
and/or calculated to lead to the admissibility of evidence, but which was done for the 
sole purpose of "pumping" the cases to investors. 
52. EPSTEIN has also been injured in that the scope of the fraudulent and criminal 
or racketeering activity so permeated the RRA law firm that EPSTEIN has been 
prevented from fully and fairly defending the civil actions brought against him. 
In 
essence, the very existence of RRA was based on the continuation of the massive 
Ponzi scheme orchestrated by ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators. 
In order to 
continue to bring in monies from investors, ROTHSTEIN and other co-conspirators used 
the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, along with other manufactured lawsuits, as a means 
of obtaining massive amounts of money. 
53. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. are liable for damages caused to EPSTEIN -
individually, and jointly and severally. 
Count I - Violation of §§772.101, et seq .• Fla. Stat. • 
Florida Civil Remedies for Criminal Practices Act -
Against All Defendants 
54. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 32 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 31 
55. RRA, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. each and collectively constitute an 
enterprise pursuant to §772.102(3), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
56. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. engaged in a pattern of criminal activity as 
defined in §772.102(3) and (4), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
57. As alleged herein, ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS committed multiple predicate 
acts in violation of §772.103(1 ), (2), (3) and (4), Fla. Stat., including violations of Florida 
Statutes - Chapter 517, relating to securities transactions; Chapter 817, relating to 
fraudulent practices, false pretenses, and fraud generally (which includes L.M.); Chapter 
831, relating to forgery; §836.05, relating to extortion (which includes L. M. ); and Chapter 
837, relating to perjury (which includes L.M.). Substantially more than two predicate 
acts (i.e., the selling of or participation of the sale of fabricated settlements outlined 
herein, including the Civil Actions involving Epstein as well as the improper litigation 
tactics outlined above) occurred within a five-year time period. 
58. As a direct and proximate result of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M.'s 
violations of §772.103, Fla. Stat., EPSTEIN has been injured. 
59. Pursuant to §772.104(1), Fla. Stat., Plaintiff EPSTEIN is entitled to threefold of 
his actual damages sustained, reasonable attorney's fees and court costs, and such 
other damages as allowed by law. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
damages against all the named Defendants. 
Count 11- Florida RICO -
"Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act" 
Pursuant to §§895.01 1 et seq., Fla. Stat. (2009), 
Against All Defendants 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 33 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 32 
60. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 
61. RRA, along with ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M., each and collectively, 
constitute an enterprise pursuant to §895.02(3), Fla. Stat. (2009). 
62. During all times relevant hereto, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. were and 
are associated with the enterprise, RRA, and each other. 
63. Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M., as persons associated with the 
enterprise, RRA and each other (as an enterprise), unlawfully conducted or participated, 
directly or indirectly, in such an enterprise through a pattern of racketeering, § 
895.03(3), Fla. Stat., as alleged above herein. 
64. The breadth and scope of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and, potentially, L.M.'s 
racketeering activity continues to be investigated by the FBI, as numerous civil lawsuits 
against some of the Defendants and others continue to be filed by persons who have 
been damaged. As of the filing of this Complaint, criminal charges have only been 
brought against ROTHSTEIN. 
65. Substantially more than two predicate acts (i.e., the selling of fabricated 
settlements outlined herein, including the Civil Actions involving Epstein as well as the 
improper litigation tactics outlined above) occurred within a five year time period. 
66. Pursuant to §895.02, Fla. Stat., ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS engaged in a 
pattern of "racketeering activity" through the commission of crimes as defined in § 
895.02(1)(a)-(b), Fla. Stat., including Chapter 517, relating to securities; Chapter 817, 
relating to fraudulent practices, false pretenses, and fraud (including L.M.) generally; 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 34 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 33 
Chapter 813, relating to forgery; §836.05, relating to extortion (including L.M.); Chapter 
837, relating to perjury (including L.M.). 
67. Pursuant to §895.05, Fla. Stat., Plaintiff seeks the following relief against 
Defendants, ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M.: 
a) Ordering ROTHSTEIN and EDWARDS to divest themselves of 
any interest in the enterprise, RRA; 
b) Enjoin all Defendants from engaging in the same type of conduct 
and activities as described herein; and 
c) Temporarily enjoining ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M., from 
the continuation of the Civil Actions brought against EPSTEIN 
until criminal charges have been formally brought against RRA 
and/or any of the Defendants, such that EPSTEIN may be 
allowed to evaluate whether a stay or dismissal of all Civil Actions 
against him is merited. 
68. EPSTEIN further seeks an award of his reasonable attorney's fees and costs, 
and such other relief that this Court deems appropriate. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
the relief sought and damages against the named Defendants. 
Count Ill - Abuse of Process -
Against All Defendants 
69. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 35 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 34 
70. After instituting the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN, the actions of Defendants, 
ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. as alleged in paragraphs 9 through 53 herein, 
constitute an illegal, improper or perverted use of process. 
71. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. possessed ulterior motives or purposes in 
exercising such illegal, improper, or perverted use of process. 
72. As a result of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M.'s actions, EPSTEIN suffered 
damages. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff EPSTEIN respectfully demands the entry of a judgment for 
damages against all the named Defendants. 
Count IV - Fraud 
Against All Defendants 
73. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53 as if fully set forth 
herein. 
74. ROTHSTEIN, by and through Defendant EDWARDS and L.M. made false 
statements of fact to EPSTEIN and his attorneys and agents, known to be false at the 
time made, and/or intentionally concealed material information from EPSTEIN and his 
attorneys and agents, for the purpose of inducing EPSTEIN to act in reliance thereon. 
75. EPSTEIN did so act on the misrepresentation and/or concealment by incurring 
additional attorney's fees, costs, and expenses in aggressively defending the civil 
actions whereas in reality, because the Civil Actions against Plaintiff were being 
exploited and over-valued so as to lure additional investors and to attempt to extort as 
much money as possible from EPSTEIN so as to continue the massive fraud. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 36 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 35 
WHEREFORE Plaintiff EPSTEIN demands judgment against Defendants for 
damages incurred and for any other relief to which he is entitled under the law. 
Conspiracy to Commit Fraud 
Against All Defendants 
76. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates paragraphs 1 through 53, and 74 and 75 as if 
fully set forth herein. 
77. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. conspired to commit a fraud upon EPSTEIN. 
78. ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M. combined by and through concerted action 
as detailed herein to accomplish an unlawful purpose or accomplish some purpose by 
unlawful means. The unlawful purpose was, among other things, the orchestrating and 
continuation of the massive fraudulent Ponzi scheme and receipt of monies for the 
continuation of the scheme. The unlawful means includes, but is not limited to, the use 
of the Civil Actions against EPSTEIN in an unlawful, improper, and fraudulent manner. 
79. As a direct and proximate result of ROTHSTEIN, EDWARDS and L.M.'s 
conspiracy to defraud EPSTEIN, EPSTEIN suffered damages. 
WHEREFORE Plaintiff EPSTEIN demands judgment against Defendants for 
damages incurred and for any other relief to which he is entitled under the law. 
Jury Trial 
Plaintiff demands Jury Trial on all issues so triable. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 10-17     Filed 06/30/16     Page 37 of 37
Epstein v. RRA, et al. 
Page 36 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-842-2820 
Fax: 561-253-0154 
(Attorneys for Plaintiff) 
