METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.09.22 Reply Motion.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
 
 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
 
 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
Plaintiff, 
 
)  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
vs. 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
) 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
) 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN,  
) 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
 
) 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ) 
EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
) 
Liability Company, 
 
 
 
 
) 
 
 
 
 
Defendant.  
 
) 
__________________________________________) 
 
 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS’  
REPLY BRIEF IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO INTERVENE 
 
 
The Government of the United States Virgin Islands (“Government”), by and through its 
undersigned counsel, hereby submits this Reply Brief in support of its motion for an order 
permitting the Government to intervene in this action as of right pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(a) 
or else by leave pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(b).  The Government states in further support of its 
motion as follows. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
 
The Government moves to intervene in this action by Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell seeking 
indemnification and advancement of legal expenses from Defendants the Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein and its Co-Executors—Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn—on two distinct but 
closely related grounds.  First, the Government has an interest in preserving Epstein Estate funds 
to satisfy a judgment in its pending action against Defendants alleging that Epstein and others 
IN THE SUP.ERJOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGI 
ISLAND 
FILED 
September 22, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

2 
 
engaged in a criminal sex-trafficking enterprise in the Virgin Islands for which the Government 
seeks forfeiture, divestiture, disgorgement, and payment of civil penalties and damages under the 
Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“CICO”), 14 V.I.C. §§ 601 et seq.  Second, 
the Government has an investigatory interest in Maxwell’s involvement with Epstein’s criminal 
sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct pursuant to its authority under CICO, 14 V.I.C. § 612, 
which Maxwell has thwarted by resisting and evading service of the Government’s investigatory 
subpoena, even while she has invoked the jurisdiction of the Virgin Islands Courts to obtain 
indemnification for the very same alleged conduct. 
 
Maxwell opposes the Government’s motion to intervene on numerous grounds, none of 
which have merit.  First, Maxwell contends she lacks sufficient notice of the Government’s claims 
because it failed to attach a pleading as required by V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(c).  This is incorrect.  The 
Government attached as Exhibit A to its motion the Amended Complaint in its CICO action setting 
forth all of its claims against Defendants and the factual bases therefor.  The CICO Complaint 
serves Rule 24’s purpose of giving the parties notice of what the Government’s claims and interests 
are.  See, e.g., U.S. v. Metro St. Louis Sewer Dist., 589 F.3d 829, 834 (8th Cir. 2009) (“Appellees 
argue that MIEC’s failure to submit a pleading is sufficient to deny its motion to intervene, but we 
conclude that the statement of interest satisfies Rule 24(c) because it provides sufficient notice to 
the court and the parties of MIEC’s interests.”); Massachusetts v. Microsoft Corp., 373 F.3d 1199, 
1236 n.19 (D.C. Cir. 2004) (“The Government and Microsoft make no claim they had inadequate 
notice of the intervenors’ appeal, and we find no reason to bar intervention based solely upon this 
technical [lack of pleading] defect, if defect it be.”).  Maxwell and the Epstein Estate have ample 
notice of the Government’s claims and interests. 

3 
 
 
Second, Maxwell argues that the Government’s pending CICO claims against Defendants 
do not provide a sufficient interest because they are contingent, not yet having been litigated to 
judgment.  Maxwell relies almost entirely on federal court cases within the Third Circuit for this 
argument.  These cases are not controlling.  See Bruni v. Alger, 71 V.I. 71, 76 n.11 (Super. Ct. 
2019) (decisions interpreting federal rules of procedure are persuasive, not binding, authority as to 
analogous Virgin Islands Rules provisions).  Here, far more persuasive are decisions in at least six 
other federal Circuits rejecting the Third Circuit’s analysis and holding that a pending claim may 
provide a sufficient interest for intervention in the defendant’s coverage action.  See, e.g., Utahns 
for Better Transp. v. U.S. Dept. of Tramsp., 295 F.3d 1111, 1115-16 (10th Cir. 2002) (“The threat 
of economic injury from the outcome of litigation undoubtedly gives a petitioner the requisite 
interest [in intervention as of right].”); Security Ins. Co. v. Schipporeit, Inc., 69 F.3d 1377, 1380-
81 (7th Cir. 1995); Teague v. Baker, 931 F.2d 259, 261 (4th Cir. 1991); TIG Specialty Ins. Co. v. 
Fin. Web.com, Inc., 208 F.R.D. 336, 338 (M.D. Fla. 2002); St. Paul Fire & Marine Ins. Co. v. 
Summit-Warren Ind’s Co., 143 F.R.D. 129, 134 (N.D. Ohio 1992); New Hampshire Ins. Co. v. 
Greaves, 110 F.R.D. 549, 552 (D.R.I. 1986).  The Government has a clear and sufficient interest 
in the outcome of this action. 
 
Third, Maxwell argues that intervention is unnecessary because the Government’s interest 
in ensuring availability of the Epstein Estate’s funds is secured by the Government’s Criminal 
Activity Liens placed pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610.  This is incorrect because the Government’s 
Criminal Activity Liens under CICO are limited to Epstein’s funds or property situated or owned 
in the Virgin Islands, see 14 V.I.C. § 610(e)(1)-(2), and because the Epstein Estate is fighting 
enforcement of the Government’s Liens at every turn.  See Exhibit M hereto (Letter of Counsel 
for Epstein Estate and Co-Executors to Probate Court, Sept. 15, 2020) at 2 (“[W]e urgently ask the 

4 
 
Court to . . . issue an Order for the Attorney General to release the liens on the Estate’s FirstBank 
account in the amount [$7,200,000] requested in the Estate’s correspondence with the Attorney 
General.”). 
 
Finally, Maxwell argues that the Government’s interest in the outcome of this case is 
adequately protected by the Epstein Estate’s interest in protecting its own funds.  This, too, is 
incorrect.  Numerous of the above-cited federal courts reject the same argument that the parties to 
a coverage action can adequately represent the interests of a tort claimant.  See, e.g., Security Ins., 
69 F.3d at 1381; Teague, 931 F.3d at 262.  Here, the Epstein Estate and its Co-Executors clearly 
are inadequate to represent the Government’s interest in preserving Estate funds because 
• Maxwell herself pleads that “Indyke, in his capacity as Executor of the Estate, also 
made assurances to Maxwell that Maxwell’s legal fees and obligations would be 
reimbursed by Epstein and the Estate . . . .”  Complaint, ¶ 21; and 
 
• Indyke and Kahn admit that “the Estate is indemnifying certain current and former 
employees of and professionals on behalf of one or more defendants in the Attorney 
General’s suit.”  Ex. M (Letter of Counsel for Epstein Estate and Co-Executors to 
Probate Court, Sept. 15, 2020) at 2. 
 
There thus is no question that the Co-Executors are not acting to preserve Estate funds.  The 
Government’s interest in preservation thus is not adequately represented by the Epstein Estate or 
its Co-Executors, the Defendants in the Government’s CICO enforcement action. 
For all of these reasons and as set forth more fully below, the Court should grant the 
Government’s motion to intervene. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Motion Gives Ample Notice of the Government’s Claims and Interests. 
 
Maxwell begins her opposition by arguing that the Government’s motion to intervene is 
“procedurally defective” because it does not attach a pleading as required by Rule 24(c) and that, 
because of this alleged failure, the motion “does not adequately provide notice to Plaintiff of the 

5 
 
precise nature of [the Government’s] claims.”  Opposition at 3-4.  This argument is factually 
and/or legally incorrect. 
Rule 24 provides that a motion to intervene “must state the grounds for intervention and be 
accompanied by a pleading that sets out the claim or defense for which intervention is sought.”  
V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(c).  The Government satisfied this requirement by attaching as Exhibit A to its 
motion its First Amended Complaint in its CICO action against Defendants the Epstein Estate and 
its Co-Executors and others.  The CICO Complaint is 54 pages, contains 114 paragraphs of factual 
allegations, and states 24 separate counts setting forth the legal grounds for each item of relief the 
Government seeks from Defendants.  The Government also attached as Exhibit B its CICO 
Subpoena Duces Tecum, the service of which Maxwell previously resisted and evaded, which 
states clearly that the Government is seeking documents from her related to “the rape, abuse, 
exploitation and trafficking of young women and underage girls by Jeffrey E. Epstein and his 
associates” in violation of Virgin Islands law.  Maxwell does not even address the Government’s 
submission of its CICO Complaint or Subpoena, let alone explain how or why they do not satisfy 
the Rule’s requirement of a pleading to give notice of interest. 
Since Maxwell ignores the Government’s attached CICO Complaint and Subpoena, she 
does not address whether or how Rule 24(c) contemplates something different.  But even if it did, 
this would be purely a matter of form, not substance, because the CICO Complaint and subpoena 
clearly satisfy the pleading provision’s purpose—to give the litigating parties notice of the 
intervening party’s claims and interest.  See generally In re L.O.F., 62 V.I. 655, 665 (2015) (“It is 
a settled rule that in the construction of statutes an interpretation is never to be adopted that would 
defeat the purpose of the enactment.”) (internal quotation marks and citation omitted). 

6 
 
This is the conclusion reached by numerous federal circuit courts of appeal in applying the 
identical pleading provision of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(c).  See Peaje Invs. LLC v. Garcia-Padilla, 845 
F.3d 505, 515 (1st Cir. 2017) (“Accordingly, denial of a motion to intervene based solely on the 
movant’s failure to attach a pleading, absent prejudice to any party, constitutes an abuse of 
discretion.”); Metro St. Louis, supra, 569 F.3d at 834 (“[T]he statement of interest satisfies Rule 
24(c) because it provides sufficient notice to the court and the parties of MIEC’s interests.”); 
Providence Baptist Church v. Hillandale Comm., Ltd., 425 F.3d 309, 314 (6th Cir. 2005) 
(“Furthermore, neither party has ever claimed that any prejudice would result from granting the 
motion to intervene despite the failure to attach a pleading; the parties are clearly on notice as to 
Hillandale Committee’s position and arguments.”); Mass. v. Microsoft, supra, 373 F.3d at 1236 
n.19 (“The Government and Microsoft make no claim they had inadequate notice of the 
intervenors’ appeal, and we find no reason to bar intervention based solely upon this technical 
defect, if defect it be.”). 
Since Maxwell cannot plausibly claim lack of notice of the Government’s interests in 
preservation of the Epstein Estate’s funds and in service of its CICO investigatory subpoena, her 
argument for denial of intervention based upon Rule 24(c) fails and should be rejected. 
B. 
The Government Has a Clear and Sufficient Interest in the Outcome of this 
Action. 
 
Maxwell next argues that the Government’s interest in preservation of Epstein Estate funds 
is insufficient for intervention because the interest is “contingent” until a judgment is entered in 
the Government’s CICO action against the Estate.  The Court should reject this argument because 
it relies upon an overly rigid and stringent conception of the “interest” that supports intervention 
as of right under Rule 24(a)(2). 

7 
 
Maxwell cites as support for her argument decisions of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Third Circuit and the U.S. District Court for the District of the Virgin Islands, which was bound 
by Third Circuit precedent.  See Opposition at 6-7 (citing Mountain Top Condo Ass’n v. Dave 
Stabbert Master Builder, Inc., 72 F.3d 261, 366 (3d Cir. 1995); Gen. Star Indem. Co. v. V.I. Port 
Auth., 224 F.R.D. 372, 375-76 (D.V.I. 2004)).  These decisions, however, both applying Federal 
Rule 24, are not controlling on this Court’s application of Virgin Islands Rule 24.  See, e.g., Bruni 
v. Alger, supra, 71 V.I. at 76 n.11 (decisions applying Federal Rules of Civil Procedure are 
persuasive, not binding authority, as to analogous Virgin Islands Rules). 
Here, the Court should not find the Third Circuit’s interpretation of Federal Rule 24 
persuasive because it is contrary to decisions of courts in at least six other federal circuits—the 
First, Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, Tenth, and Eleventh Circuits—which find that the holder of a 
pending claim may have a sufficient interest to intervene in a related coverage case.  See Utahns 
for Better Transp., supra, 295 F.3d at 1115 (“The threat of economic injury from the outcome of 
litigation undoubtedly gives a petition the requisite interest” to intervene); Security Ins. Co., supra, 
69 F.3d at 1380-81 (affirming grant of intervention by tort claimant in coverage action); Teague, 
supra, 931 F.2d at 261 (“[O]ther [courts] have allowed intervention in a dispute between an insurer 
and its insured even when the intervenor’s interest is contingent on the outcome of other litigation.  
We find the reasoning of this latter authority persuasive.”) (citations omitted); TIG Specialty Ins. 
Co., supra, 208 F.R.D. at 338 (potential deprivation of source of recovery if intervenor prevails on 
its claim is a sufficient interest); St. Paul Fire & Marine, supra, 143 F.R.D. at 134 (“There is 
nothing in the wording or history of Rule 24 which indicates intent to exclude would be intervenors 
whose interest in the pending litigation is not yet vested.”) (quoting New Hampshire Ins. Co., 
supra, 110 F.R.D. at 552); see also Romero v. Bd. of Cty. Comm’rs, 313 F.R.D. 133, 140 (D.N.M. 

8 
 
2016) (“[T]he Tenth Circuit and numerous other Courts of Appeal have permitted intervenors with 
a contingent interest to intervene.”). 
In Teague, supra, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit held that class action 
plaintiffs seeking to intervene in a coverage action involving the class action defendant had a 
sufficient interest because they “stand to gain or lose by the direct legal operation of the district 
court’s judgment” in the coverage case.  931 F.2d at 261.  That same conclusion applies here.  If 
this Court rules that the Epstein Estate must indemnify Maxwell for claims related to her 
relationship with Epstein and to “advance” her attorneys’ fees (while she is in prison awaiting trial 
on federal criminal charges), then the Government stands to lose funds for the satisfaction of a 
judgment in its CICO action against the Epstein Estate. 
Maxwell also argues that the Government’s separate but related investigatory interest under 
CICO as to her involvement with Epstein’s conduct is not sufficient to support intervention.  See 
Opposition at 12-14.  Maxwell focuses primarily on the Government’s ability to enforce its CICO 
subpoena by other means, rather than on the investigatory interest itself.  The Government’s 
interest is established by statute, 14 V.I.C. § 612(a), and involves the same subject matter as this 
action—Maxwell’s relationship to the Epstein Enterprise’s conduct.  Compare Maxwell 
Complaint, ¶ 1 (“This is an action for indemnification for and advancement of the attorneys’ fees, 
security costs, costs to find safe accommodation, and all other expenses Maxwell has reasonably 
incurred and will incur by reason of her employment relationship with Jeffrey E. Epstein 
(‘Epstein’) and his affiliated businesses . . . .”); with Gov’t Ex. B (CICO Subpoena) (seeking 
documents from Maxwell related to “the rape, abuse, exploitation and trafficking of young women 
and underage girls by Jeffrey E. Epstein and his associates” in violation of Virgin Islands law).  
This related interest thus provides an additional basis supporting the Government’s intervention. 

9 
 
Based on the substantial weight and persuasive force of the foregoing authority applying 
the analogous federal rules provision, the Court should hold that the Government’s pending CICO 
claims against the Epstein Estate provide it with a clear and sufficient interest to intervene to ensure 
preservation of Estate funds.  
C. 
The Government’s Interest in Preserving Epstein Estate Funds for Payment 
of a Judgment May Be Impaired Absent Allowance of Intervention. 
 
Maxwell separately argues that the Government’s interest in preservation of Epstein Estate 
funds will not be impaired by any judgment or resolution of this action because the Government 
has placed Criminal Activity Liens on certain Estate assets pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610.  See 
Opposition at 10-11.  The Court should reject this argument because it ignores the difference in 
scope between all Epstein Estate assets and those covered by the Government’s Criminal Activity 
Liens. 
CICO’s Criminal Activity Lien provisions permit the Government to place liens upon a 
CICO defendant’s property that is “situated in the Territory of the Virgin Islands” or its “beneficial 
interest” that is “located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands.”  14 V.I.C. § 610(e)(1)-(2).  Maxwell 
acknowledges this territorial limitation.  See Opposition at 10 (“These liens cover all real and 
personal property located in the Virgin Islands in the name or under the signatory authority of 
the Estate.”) (emphasis in original). 
The Government’s claims for forfeiture, divestiture, maximum civil penalties per violation, 
treble and punitive damages, and disgorgement of ill-gotten gains under CICO, see Ex. A-CICO 
Complaint at 53-54 (Prayer for Relief), are not so limited.  See 14 V.I.C. § 607(c), (e) (provisions 
for awarding damages and civil penalties, without territorial limit). 
Since the Epstein Estate assets covered by the Government’s Criminal Activity Liens are 
not co-extensive with the relief the Government may obtain through a judgment on its CICO 

10 
 
claims, the Court should reject Maxwell’s argument that the Liens alone are sufficient to secure 
the Government’s interests without intervention. 
Although the foregoing suffices to reject Maxwell’s argument, it also bears emphasis that 
Defendants the Epstein Estate and its Co-Executors are resisting and seeking to evade the 
Government’s Criminal Activity Liens at every turn.  As just one example, even though the 
Attorney General and the Superior Court in the CICO action have sole and exclusive authority to 
release funds covered by the Liens, see 14 V.I.C. § 610(r) (Attorney General’s authority), (t) 
(CICO Court’s authority), the Co-Executors repeatedly have asked and currently are asking the 
Probate Court to order release of over $7,000,000 covered by the Government’s Criminal Activity 
Liens.  See Ex. M hereto (Letter of Counsel for Epstein Estate and Co-Executors to Probate Court, 
Sept. 15, 2020) at 2 (“[W]e urgently ask the Court to . . . issue an Order for the Attorney General 
to release the liens on the Estate’s FirstBank account in the amount [$7,200,000] requested in the 
Estate’s correspondence with the Attorney General.”).  While these requests have no legal merit, 
their existence is at least relevant to Maxwell’s assertion that the Government’s interest are 
absolutely secured by the Criminal Activity Liens. 
Maxwell also argues that the Government’s investigatory interest under CICO as to her 
involvement with Epstein’s conduct will not be impaired absent intervention because the 
Government may protect this interest by other means—by enforcing its CICO subpoena in the 
state where she resides.  See Opposition at 14 (citing 14 V.I.C. § 612(k)).  In so arguing, Maxwell 
admits that she avoided service of the Government’s CICO Subpoena by refusing to authorize her 
attorney in the Virgin Islands to accept service.  See Opposition at 14 (Government’s subpoenas 
“were served to persons who did not have authority to accept them.”).  She also does not deny that 
she resisted or evaded service in the, previously unknown, state where she resided prior to her 
----

11 
 
arrest.  See Gov’t Motion at 4-6.  She also does not consent to service or to a court’s personal 
jurisdiction over her as a citizen of New York where she is imprisoned.  She has, however, 
consented to this Court’s jurisdiction over her claims related to her relationship with Jeffrey 
Epstein.  This action in this Court thus is the one venue in which the Government’s investigatory 
interest is certain not to be impaired. 
For all of these reasons, the Court should reject Maxwell’s argument and should hold that 
the Government’s interests in preservation of Epstein Estate funds and in advancement of its 
investigation of Maxwell may be impaired absent intervention. 
D. 
The Epstein Estate Does Not Adequately Represent the Government’s 
Interests. 
 
Maxwell also argues that the Government may not intervene because the Epstein Estate 
and its Co-Executors, in her telling, share and thus adequately represent the Government’s interest 
in preserving Estate funds.  See Opposition at 15-17 (“To the extent that the Government is 
concerned with the dissipation of the Estate’s assets, the Trustees adequately represent the 
Government’s interest here.”).  They do not. 
Maxwell’s own Complaint allegations undercut this argument.  As one of the grounds for 
her alleged right to indemnification and advancement of legal costs, Maxwell alleges that separate 
and apart from Epstein’s promises, Defendant “Indyke, in his capacity as an Executor of the Estate, 
also made assurances to Maxwell that Maxwell’s legal fees and obligations would be reimbursed 
by Epstein and the Estate, and that Maxwell’s legal fees and expenses would be paid going 
forward.”  Complaint, ¶ 21 (emphasis added).  How this promise by Indyke squares with his 
“fiduciary duties to all who may have a beneficial interest in the estate,” Opposition at 15, or to 
otherwise preserve Epstein Estate funds, Maxwell does not say. 

12 
 
Nonetheless, her allegation that Indyke is offering up Epstein Estate funds for the legal 
defense of persons not specifically identified as Estate beneficiaries is borne out by Indyke and 
Kahn’s recent admission to the Probate Court that this is exactly what they are doing.  Their 
counsel’s September 15, 2020 letter to the Probate Court acknowledges that “the Estate is 
indemnifying certain current and former employees of and professionals on behalf of one or more 
defendants in the Attorney General’s suit.”  Ex. M hereto (Sept. 15, 2020 letter) at 2.  Specifically, 
the Government has learned that the Estate is paying the legal fees for an immigration attorney it 
believes may have obtained visas for Epstein’s trafficking victims.  Paying the legal fees of 
individuals alleged to have participated in Epstein’s trafficking enterprise demonstrates the 
Estate’s interest in preventing the disclosure of information relevant to the Government’s case in 
the Government’s case, and belies Maxwell’s assertion that the Government’s and the Estate’s 
interests in preservation of funds are perfectly aligned. 
At risk of stating the obvious, the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein and its Co-Executors are not 
adequate representatives for the Government’s interest in preserving the availability of Estate 
funds to satisfy a CICO action judgment based upon Epstein’s sex-trafficking and other related 
criminal conduct.  The Court therefore should grant the Government intervention as of right under 
Rule 24(a). 
E. 
The Government Also Satisfies Rule 24(b)’s Requirements for Permissive 
Intervention. 
 
Maxwell’s arguments for denying permissive intervention pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(b) 
also have no merit and should be rejected if intervention as of right is denied (which it should not 
be). 
Maxwell first argues that permissive intervention should be denied because the 
Government’s claims do not share “a common question of law or fact,” V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(1)(B), 

13 
 
with the claims in her indemnification action.  See Opposition at 17.  This is incorrect.  The 
Government’s CICO claims against Defendants, its investigated claims against Maxwell, and 
Maxwell’s claims against Defendants all present the common question of:  Who is liable to pay a 
judgment on the Government’s CICO claims against Defendants (and/or Maxwell) for their 
involvement in or connection to the rape, abuse, exploitation, and trafficking of young women and 
underage girls by Epstein and his associates? 
Numerous federal courts have addressed the question of whether a tort claim and an 
indemnification claim present a common question of law or fact, and concluded that they do.  See 
Security Ins. Co., supra, 69 F.3d at 1381 (common question and independent jurisdiction 
requirements “are clearly met in this case”); Nationwide Mut. Ins. Co. v. Nat’l REO Mgmt., Inc., 
205 F.R.D. 1, 6 (D.D.C. 2000) (“Thus, while the insurance contract may not be an issue in the 
underlying case in Superior Court, the factual similarities between the two cases are enough to 
establish a common question of fact.  Specifically, both the present case and the underlying case 
arise from alleged carbon monoxide emissions from a furnace in the defendant’s building that 
began on February 23, 1995.  In addition, neither case can be decided without determining the 
source of the applicant’s injuries.  Accordingly, for purposes of [Federal] Rule 24(b), the court 
finds a common question of fact in the present lawsuit and the underlying lawsuit in Superior 
Court.”).  This Court should hold the same here. 
Maxwell’s next and final argument is that the Government’s intervention will cause undue 
delay and prejudice because the Government “proposes to inject legal issues that diverge 
substantially from those involved in this indemnification action.”  Opposition at 18.  Not so. 
The only such issues Maxwell identifies are those “concerning the Government’s intent to 
conduct a criminal investigation of Plaintiff within the context of this civil action.”  Id.  This 

14 
 
question, however, would be answered by the intervention itself.  Once intervention is granted, the 
Government will seek to:  (a) oppose unauthorized expenditures of Epstein Estate’s funds, which 
Maxwell contends already is or should be the Estate’s position, see Opposition at 16; and (b) 
enforce its investigatory subpoena against Maxwell, which raises a discrete question clearly 
answered under 14 V.I.C. § 612(a), as Maxwell also appears to recognize (but nonetheless wants 
to be answered in any other court where she has not yet consented to jurisdiction), see Opposition 
at 13-14. 
At bottom, the only thing the Government’s intervention threatens is to provide facts 
answering the questions already raised by Maxwell’s indemnification claim in this action.  
Maxwell seeks indemnification from the Epstein Estate based upon her purported “prior 
employment relationship” with Epstein and his businesses in connection with any claim “related 
to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims.”  Complaint, ¶ 1 (emphasis added).  
The Epstein Estate’s Co-Executors already are “indemnifying certain current and former 
employees of and professionals on behalf of” Epstein’s companies.  Ex. M (Sept. 15, 2020 letter 
to Probate Court).  Only the Government stands at the ready to determine: 
• what actual conduct by Epstein and Maxwell is at issue in connection with claims 
by Epstein’s “alleged victims;” 
 
• whether the criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct that is alleged would 
fall within the scope of any purported employment relationship; and/or 
 
• whether, employment relationship or no, it is a legitimate expenditure of Epstein 
Estate funds to provide legal representation to persons connected to an alleged 
criminal sex-trafficking enterprise instead of preserving funds for the Estate’s true 
beneficiaries and claimants. 
 
Thus, rather than unduly complicate this litigation, the Government’s intervention would guide it 
towards a fact-based resolution of the issues Maxwell’s indemnification claims actually present. 
----

15 
 
 
For each of these reasons, the Court should grant permissive intervention under Rule 24(b) 
if intervention as of right under Rule 24(a) is denied (which it should not be). 
CONCLUSION 
 
For all of the reasons set forth herein and in the moving papers, the Court should grant the 
Government’s motion to intervene as of right under Rule 24(a) or else by permission under Rule 
24(b).  
 
Respectfully submitted, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQUIRE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
 
 
 
 
 
Dated: September 22, 2020  
By: 
/S/ Carol Thomas-Jacobs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAROL THOMAS-JACOBS, ESQ. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chief Deputy Attorney General 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Office of the Attorney General 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
 
 
 
 
 
 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email: carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10101 
 
 

16 
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
 
IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that the foregoing Reply Brief in Support of Motion to 
Intervene complies with the word and page requirements of V.I.R. Civ. P. 6-1(e) and a true and 
correct copy of the Motion was served via regular mail, postage prepaid, with a courtesy copy sent 
by email to counsel of record on September 22, 2020 to: 
 
 
KYLE R. WALDNER, ESQ. 
 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A. 
 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
 
Miami, FL 33156 
 
E-mail: kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
 
 
DAVID CATTIE, ESQ. 
 
THE CATTIE LAW FIRM, P.C. 
 
1710 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, V.I., 00802 
e-mail:  david.cattie@cattie-law.com  
 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ., 
WILLIAM BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI D’ANDRADE, ESQ. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802-3602 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com   
aheymann@solblum.com   
wblum@solblum.com  
sdandrade@kellfer.com   
mwhalen@kellfer.com  
 
ANDREW TOMBACK 
McLaughlin & Stern, LLP 
260 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10016 
United States 
Email: ATomback@mclaughlinstern.com 
 
 
 

17 
 
DANIEL WEINER 
MARC A. WEINSTEIN 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REID, LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, NY 10004-1482 
United States 
Email: daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
 
marc.weinstein@hugheshubbard.com 
 
 
 
/S/ Carol Thomas-Jacobs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAROL THOMAS-JACOBS, ESQ. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chief Deputy Attorney General 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Office of the Attorney General 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
 
 
 
 
 
 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email: carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10101 
