METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Edwards v. Maxwell, No. 117-mc-00025 (S.D.N.Y. 2016)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001-07.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 1 of 9
PRIORITY 
BTAIN DESCRIPTION 
AO 888 (Rev. 12/13) Subpoenn 10 Produce Doc11111ents, Jnfonna1ion, or Objccls or lo Por111i1 lnspccrion of Premises in a Civil Action 
UN1TED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Virginia Guiffre 
Plaintiff 
v. 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Defendanr 
for the 
Southern Districl of New York 
Civil Action No. 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
~ 
~~ 
u\o f 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OBJEfrn 
OR TO PERMIT INSPECTION OF PREMISES IN A CIVIL ACTJO~ 
~ ~ L-. e::\ 
\ a\4\ ~ '--\.Cl 
'-.::l, •~ 
Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. c/o Bradley J. Edwards, Registered A~t. 4~5 N Ar:idrews Ave, Ste 2 Ft. 
Lauderdale, Floriaa 333e-t" VQ..u\lC?.. \ ~\... oc8Z... ~ 
To: 
(Name of person to whon1 this subpoena is diJ·ected) 
~ 
f!f Production: YOU ARE COMMANDED lo produce al the time, date, and place set forth below the following 
documents, electronically stored information, or objects, and to permit inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
See Attachment A 
Place: Laura Menninger, Haddon, Morgan & Forman, PC 
C/O Thomas Loffredo, Gray Robinson, 401 E. Las Olas 
Blvd., Suite 1000, Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
Date and Time: 
06/06/2016 5:00 pm 
0 Inspection of Premises: YOU ARE COMMANDED lo permit entry onto the designated premises, land, or 
' 
~ -••- ..i 1... • .. ~,. nt thp timP- ri::ite. and location set forth below, so that the requesting party 
31833 
PROFESSIONAL PROCESS SERVERS 
& INVESTIGATORS, INC. 
PH. 954-566-2523 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
WWW.CHASE.COM 
63-8413/2670 
1749 NE 26TH STREET STE A 
WILTON MANORS, FL 33305 
5/27/2016 
Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. 
---__:_-=-.:..::..:.:..::.2...:.:.:..::_ ________________ !b45.00 
rty-Five Only-
-~----"---------------;----------------------DOLLARS 6J 
I 
v =:i:.=.:-
J 
MEMO 
f 
Menninger 
Notice to the person wbo issues or requests Lm:s 1.uupuc1oa 
A notice and a copy of the subpoena must be served on each party in this case before it is served on the person to ·whom 
it is directed. Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(a)(4). 
K 
uu 
Ill!' 11 
MAY 2 7 2016 ~ 
By 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 2 of 9
PRIORITY 
BTAIN DESCRIPTION 
AO 88B (Rev. 12/13) Subpo~nn 10 Produce Documents, lnfonnmion, or Objcc1s or 10 Pcrmi1 Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action 
To: 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Virginia Guiffre 
Plaintiff 
V. 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Dafendant 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Civil Action No. 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
) 
~~i,ou\o( 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OB.TE£_~ 
OR TO PERMIT INSPECTION OF PREMlSES fN A CIVIL ACTIO~ 
~ q_ L- e:::\ 
\ a\ L\-\ ~ L\. a 
'I,.) \ ~~ 
Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. c/o Bradley J. Edwards, Registered A9£:,[lt, 4:?5 l\l Ar:idrews Ave, Shi 2 F-t, 
Laui;lersale, Flerisa 33301"" ~0\~, ~l. c~~ 
~ 
(Name of person ro whom this subpoena is directed) 
4 
pf Production: YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following 
documents, electronically stored information, or objects, and to permit inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
S.ee Attachment A 
Place: Laura Menninger, Haddon, Morgan & Forman, PC 
Date and Time: 
C/O Thomas Loffredo, Gray Robinson, 401 E. Las Olas 
06,0612016 5:00 pm 
Blvd., Suite 1000, Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301 
0 Inspection of Premises: YOU ARE COMMANDED to permit entry onto the designated premises, land, or 
other property possessed or controlled by you at the time, date, and location set forth below, so that the requesting party 
may inspect, measure, survey photograph, test, or sample the property or any designated object or operation on it. 
I Date and Time, 
The following provisions of Ped. R. Civ. P. 45 are attached - Rule 45(c), relating to the place of compliance; 
Rule 45(d), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena; and Rule 45(e) and (g), relating to your duty to 
respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so. 
Date: 
05/23/2016 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signmure of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
tlomay 's signature 
The name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name c.!fparty) 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
_________ ----·------------- , who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Laura Menninger, Haddon, Morgan & Foreman PC, 150 East 10th Ave., Denver, Colorado 30203, 303.831 .7364, 
lrne □oiogec@broilaw corn 
Notice to the person who issues or requests this subpoena 
n 
-
' t 
1! 
A notice and a copy of the subpoena must be served on each party in this case before it is served on tb'e person to ·whom 
it is directed. Fed. R. Civ. P. 45{a)(4). 
K 
MAY 2 7 2016 
y 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 3 of 9
AO 888 (Rev. I 2/1 J) Subpoena 10 Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action (Pngc 2) 
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07 433-RWS 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section .\·!,011/d not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
I received Lhis subpoena for (name of individual and Litle, if any) 
on (date) 
0 I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
- --- - - ------ - ------- ----
0 I returned the subpoena w1executed because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness the fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
$ 
My fees are$ 
for travel and$ 
for services, for a total of$ 
0.00 
I declare under penalty ofperjw-y that this information is true. 
Date: 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server 's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc.: 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 4 of 9
f 
AO 88B (Rev. 12/13) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Aclion(Pagc 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), (e), and (g) (Effective 12/1/13) 
(c) Pince ofComplia11cc. 
(I) For a Trial, I/earing, or Depositio11. A subpoena may command a 
person to attend a trial, hearing, or deposition only as follows: 
(A) within I 00 miles of where the person resides, is employed, or 
regularly transacts business in person; or 
(B) within the state where the person resides, is employed, or regularly 
transacts business in person, if the person 
(i) is a party or a party's officer; or 
(Ii) is commanded to attend u trial and would not incur substantial 
expense. 
(2) For Other Discovery. A subpoena may command: 
(A) production of documents, electronically stored information, or 
tangible U1ings at a place within 100 miles of where the person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person; and 
(B) inspection of premises at the premises to be inspected. 
(tl) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoenn; Enforcement. 
(1) Avoitlillg V11tl11e B11rtle11 or Expense; Sa11ct/011s. A party or attorney 
responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must toke reasonable steps 
to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a person subject to the 
subpoena. The court for the district where compliance is required must 
enforce tbis duty and impose an npproprinte sanction- which may include 
lost earnings and reasonable attorney's fees--<Jn a party or attorney who 
fails to comply. 
(:2) Com111a11d to Produce Materials or Permit lnspect/011. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronicnlly stored information, or tangible things, or to 
permit the inspection of premises, need not appear ia person at tbe place of 
production or inspection unless also commanded to appear for n deposition, 
hearing, or trinl. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or tangible 
U1ings or to pernlit inspection mny serve oa the party or attorney designated 
in the subpoena a written objection to inspecting, copying, testing, or 
sampling any or all of the materials or to inspecting the premises-or to 
producing electronically stored infomiation in the form or fom1s requested. 
The objection must be served before the earlier of the time specified for 
compliance or 14 dnys after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, 
the following rules apply: 
(i) At any time, on notice lo the commanded person, the serving party 
may move the court for the district where compliance is required for nn 
order compelling production or inspection. 
(II) These acts mny be required only as directed u1 the order, and the 
order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer from 
significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Q1111sltlllg or Modljyillg a S11bpoe1111. 
(A) When Required. On timely motioo, the court for the district where 
compliance is required must quash or modify a subpoena that 
(I) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(ii) requires a person lo comply beyond the geogrnpbicnl limits 
specified in Rule 45(c); 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or olher protected matter, if no 
exception or waiver applies; or 
(iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by a 
subpoena, the court for the district where compliance is req_uir.ed may, on 
motion, quash or modify the subpoena ifit requires: 
(I) disclosing n trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; or 
(ii) disclosing an unrctnined expert's opinion or information that does 
not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from the expert's 
study U1at was not requested by a party. 
(C) Specifying Co11dfllons as an Altemalive. ln the circumstances 
described in Ruic 45(d)(3)(B), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order nppenrance or production under specified 
conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that cannot be 
otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably compensated. 
(c) Duties in Rcspontling to a Subpocnn. 
(I) Producing Doc11melffs or Electro11ical{y Stored /11for111atio11. These 
procedures apply to producing documents or electronically stored 
information: 
(A) Doc11me111s. A person responding to u subpoena to produce documents 
must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary course of business or 
musl organize nnd label them to correspond to the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electro11/cal/y Slored l11formalion Not Specified. 
If a subpoena docs not specify a form for producing electronically stored 
infom1ation, the person responding mus! produce it in a form or forms in 
which it is ordinarily maintained or in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored biformallon Produced in Only Oue Form. The 
person responding need not produce the same electronically stored 
information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electro11ically Slored information. 111e person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored information 
from sources that the person identifies ns not reasonably accessible because 
of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel discovery or for n protective 
order, the person responding must show that the information is not 
reasonably accessible because of undue burden or cost. If that showing is 
made, the court may nonetheless order discovery from such sources if the 
requesting party shows good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 
26(b)(2)(C). The court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(:2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) ltiforma/ion Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed information 
under n claim tlmt it is privilc;ged or subject to protection as trial-preparation 
material must: 
(i) expressly make the claim; and 
(ii) describe the nature of the withheld documents, communications, or 
tangible things in a manner that, without revealing information itself 
privileged or protected, will enable the parties to assess the claim. 
(B) /11for111afio11 Produced If information produced in response ton 
b,1bpoenr1 is subject to II claim of privilege or of protection ns 
trial-preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any party 
thut received the information of the claim and the basis for it. After being 
notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or destroy the specified 
informntion and any copies it has; must not use or disclose the infom,ation 
until the claim is resolved; must take reasonable steps to retrieve the 
infonnation if the party disclosed it before being notified; and may promptly 
present the information under seal to the courl for the district where 
compliance is required for a determination of the claim. The person who 
producetl the inforn1ation must preserve the information until the claim is 
resolved. 
(g) Con tern pt. 
The court for U1e district where compliance is required--und also, ufter a 
motion is transferred, the issuing court- may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, foils without adequate excuse to obey U1e 
subpoena or nn order related lo it. 
For nccess to subpocoa nmtcrials, see Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(a) Committee Note (2013). 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 5 of 9
ATTACHMENT A 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
"Any" means any and all. 
2. 
"You" or "Your" or "VRS" means Victims Refuse Silence, Inc., and anyone acting on 
Your behalf, and any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, assignee, related entities or 
other representative of You. 
3. 
"Agent" shall mean any agent, employee, officer, director, attorney, independent contractor 
or any other person acting, or purpo1ting to act, at the discretion of or on behalf of another. 
4. 
"Document" is intended to be defined as broadly as permitted by Rule 34 and includes 
every writing or record of every type and description that is or has been in Your 
possession, custody or control, or of which You have knowledge, including but not 
limited to, emails, text messages, instant messages, videotapes, photographs, notes, 
letters, memoranda, forms, books, magazines, reswnes, notebooks, ledgers, journals 
diaries, calendars, appointment books, papers, agreements, contracts, invoices, analyses, 
transcripts, plaques, correspondence, telegrams, drafts, data processing or computer 
diskettes and CD disks, tapes of any nature and computer interpretations thereof, 
instructions, announcements, and sow1d recordings of any nature. "Document" also 
means all copies which are not identical to the original document as originally written, 
typed or otherwise prepared. The term "Document" shall also include all documents of 
any nature that have been archived or placed in permanent or temporary storage including 
electronic storage. 
5. 
"Communication" means any transmission or exchange of infornmtion between two or 
more persons, orally or in writing or otherwise, and includes, but is not linuted to, any 
correspondence, conversation or discussion, whether face-to-face, or by means of 
telephone, email, text message, electronic message via apps such as Facebook, What's 
App, Snapchat, LinkedIN or similar, or other media or Docwnents. 
6. 
"Virginia Roberts Giuffre" means Virginia Giuffre, formerly known as Virginia Roberts, 
date ofbilth August 9, 1983, SS# 569-77-1277, the Plaintiff in the above captioned 
matter. 
7. 
"Personnel Records" means any and all employment related records maintained by You, 
including, but not limited to, all employment applications, payroll/salary records, letters 
of commendation or discipline, perfonnance evaluation, vacation records, absenteeism 
records, medical records, insurance applications, and retirement account applications or 
records, and requests for accommodations. 
8. 
"Identify" means to specify as to a "Person," the name, address, telephone number and 
any other identifying information possessed by You. 
9. 
"Person" means any natural person, individual, firm, partnership, association,joint 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 6 of 9
venture, estate, trust, receiver, syndicate, enterprise or combination, corporation or other 
legal, business or government entity. 
10. 
Regardless of the tense employed, all verbs should be read as applying to the past, 
present and futw-e, as is necessary to make any paragraph more, rather than less, 
inclusive. 
11. 
With respect to any Documents with.held on the basis of a privilege, provide a log 
consistent with Local Rule 26.2 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for the Southern 
District of New York. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
1. 
Production of documents and items requested herein shall be made Laura Menninger, 
Haddon, Morgan & Forman, PC, C/O Thomas Loffredo, Gray Robinson, 401 E. Las 
Olas Blvd., Suite 1000, Ft. Lauderdale FL 33301, no later than June 6, 2016, at 5:00 
p.m. Alternatively, you may provide the records electronically by that date and time to 
Laura Menninger at LMenninger@HMFLaw.com or by such other method as agreed 
upon with counsel for the subpoenaing party. 
2. 
This Request calls for the production of all responsive Documents in your possession, 
custody or control without regard to the physical location of such documents. 
3. 
If any Document was in your possession or control, but is no longer, state what 
disposition was made of said Document, the reason for the disposition, and the date of 
such disposition. 
4. 
In producing Documents, if the original of any Document cannot be located, a copy 
shall be produced in lieu thereof, and shall be legible and bound or stapled in the same 
manner as the original. 
5. 
Any copy of a Document that is not identical shall be considered a separate document. 
6. 
All Docwnents shall be produced in the same order as they are kept or maintained by 
you in the ordinary course of business. 
7. 
Responsive electronically stored information (ESI) shall be produced in its native form; 
that is, in the form in which the information was customarily created, used and stored 
by the native application employed by the producing party in the ordinary course of 
business. 
8. 
Defendant does not seek and does not require the production of multiple copies of 
identical Documents. 
9. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame of this request is from 2005 to present. 
10. 
This Request is deemed to be continuing. If, after producing these Documents, you 
obtain or become aware of any further information, Documents, things, or information 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 7 of 9
responsive to this Request, you are required to so state by supplementing your 
responses and producing such additional Documents to Defendant. 
DOCUMENTS TO BE PRODUCED 
1. 
All versions of any information or pages drafted for or included on the website for VRS, 
http:/ /W\vw. v icti msrefuses ilence. org, including compete metadata. 
2. 
Your application for 50l(c)(3) status. 
3. 
All payroll or payment history records for any employee, independent contractor, 
consultant, board member, principal, officer or director. 
4. 
All records and accountings for all donations made to You or any employee, independent 
contractor, consultant, board member, principal, officer or director related to Your 
Organization. 
5. 
Personnel Records for Virginia Roberts Giuffre. 
6. 
Personnel Records for Bradley J. Edwards. 
7. 
Your tax returns from inception to present. 
8. 
Your complete financial records, including, but not limited to, all bank account statement, 
ledgers, profit and loss statements, cash flow statements, balance sheets, and income 
statements. 
9. 
All employment agreements or job descriptions for any employee, independent 
contractor, consultant, board member, principal, officer or director related to Your 
Organization. 
10. 
All press releases or other publications relating to Your organization. 
11. 
Documents relating to all appearances made by any person associated with VRS on 
behalf of VRS, including all materials created relating to such appearances, attendance or 
sign up rosters, donations documents, and advertising or invitations sent relating to such 
appearances, including documents demonstrating the transmissions publicizing such 
appearances. 
12. 
All contacts received by VRS, through its website or otherwise, to schedule and event. 
13. 
All contacts by VRS, through its website, social media, or otherwise, for personal 
ass_istance, redacting the name, personal contact infonnation, or other individual 
identification infonnation relating to such contact. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 8 of 9
14. 
All information contained in the administrative acco~t for Your Facebook account, 
Twitter feed, Instagram account, or any other social media account for YRS, including 
history of social media interactions such as "likes," "shares", "retweets" "re-posts" 
"comments" or other feedback from followers or viewers, and all pages, messages, 
insights, notifications, messages and publishing tools. 
15. 
All analytics regardjng the reach ofVRS, including al1 information from Google 
Analytics or any other analytics software employed by You. 
16. 
All documents reflecting your efforts to generate recognition of VRS by the public. 
17. 
All documents reflecting any publication of the existence ofVRS prior to January 2, 
2015. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1-7     Filed 06/13/16     Page 9 of 9
! i' 
PROFESSIONAL PROCESS SERVERS 
& INVESTIGATORS, INC. 
PH. 954-566-2523 
1749 NE 26TH STREET STE A 
WILTON MANORS, FL 33305 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
WWW.CHASE.COM 
31833 
63-8413/2670 
5/27/2016 
6~Yo1~ ~E Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. 
f*45.00 
1 • 1 
~ orty-Five Only****** 
DOLLARS ~ 
MEMO 
•
FTER 90 DAYS 
. 
Menninger 
11• D 3 • B 3 3 11• 
1: 2 ti 7 D 8 "1 • 3 •,: 
"1 2 • 3 2 ti ti ti g g 11s 
• 
r1'1 ~
PWI 01t-e•T1Ad 
...,,,,__,1o,._,__ 
M' 
! i t 
