METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\State of Florida v. Epstein, No. 50-2008-CF-009381-AXXX-MB (Fla. 15th Cir. Ct. 2008)
METADATA_FILENAME: 014.pdf
----------------------------------------
NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT 
THE FOLLO'MNG IS TO REFLECT ALL TERMS OF THE NEGOTIATED SETTLEMENT 
Name: Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Plea: Guily A 
ca8'!_t:f9~---
06CF~B 
_ 
CharQt__ _______ ... --. .. ··----- __ Count Lesser_____ 
Oe_gree 
Felony Solicitation of Prostitution 
1 
curing Person Under 18 ror Prostlution 1 
PSI: waived/Not Required _,X_ 
Required/Requested _ 
ADJUOICA]JON: 
Adjudicate [X J 
SENTENCE: 
No 
No 
3 FF.l 
2 FEL 
On 06CF009454AMB, the Delandant Is sentenced to 12 months in the Palm Beach County 
Detention facity, with credit for 1 (one) day time served~ _ \. 
i.~ ,,_ 
'wt ~r-·· ..) c:, 17'"\¥"'-\.c.. 
On 08CF009381AMB, the Detandant is sentenced to 6 month/tn the Palm Beach County 
Detention Faclty, wlh credl for 1 (one) day time served. This 6 month sentence is to be 
served consecutive to the 12 month sentence in 06CF00964AMB. Following this 6 
month sentance, the Defendant wil be placed on 12 months Community Control 1 (one). 
The conditions of communly control are attached hereto and incorporated herein. 
OTHER COMIIENTS OR CONDITIONS: 
As a special condition of his community control, the Defendant is to have no unsupervised 
contact wlh minors, and the supervising adul must be approved by the Department of 
Corrections. 
The Defendant is designated as a Sexual Offender pursuant to Florida Statute 943.0435 and 
must abide by al the corresponding requirements of the statute, a copy of which is attached 
hereto and i'lcorporated herein. 
The Defendant must provide a DNA sample in court at the time of 
JUN 3 D • 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
FlJ&~ER oJU)ERE~ THAT YOU S~L COMPLY WITH THE FOLLOWING <"'-QNDITIONS-OF S_UPERVI&fON: 
. L 
•. R:MMUNITY CONTROL MIDARD CONDITIONS: 
..., • 
• 
~ 
You will remain confined to your residence except one half hour before and after your approved employment, 
community service work, or any other activities approved by your probation officer. 
~ You will maintain an hourly accounting of all your activities on a daily log which you will submit to your supervising 
V 
officer upon request. 
• 
• 
• _ 
(c) 
The Department of Corrections, may at its discretion, places you on Eiectronic Monitoring during the term of your 
Community Control. If placed on Electronic Monitoring, you will wear a monitor at all times. You will maintain a· 
private phone line, be financially responsible for any lost or damaged equipment and follow all rules and regulations as 
instructed. The telephone will be available within five working days of being placed ·on Electronic Monitoring Program.. 
• While· on electronic monitoring you will remain confined to your residence and are prohibited from being outside the 
residential walls. 
. . 
. 
( d) If while being monitored and the monitor is found to have been tampered with you shall be taken into custody 
immediately, if the officer determines that your were not at your schedules place of work or school while allowed to be 
outside the residence then in that event you shall be taken into custody immediately. If taken 1nto custody, you shall be 
held without bond and shall, on the next working day, brought before a Judge presiding over his or her case for further 
disposition at the discretion of the presidin~ Judge 
• 
• 
( e) If placed on Electronic Monitoring you will pay to the State of Florida, for the cost of Electronic Monitoring $ 1.00 per 
~De!~Y~.:~}-
94
~1( ~ r<c;·ia~~. ~ ~==:,~ 61 ~v,· ,, o Wo.y, 
D 1 
. B..eo ch 8¢5. •al.A-, 33'7'86 
II. 
Ol<-UU o&'@ri&"rRoBATIOisTANDARD CONDITIONS 
. . 
. 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
You will submit to and, unless otherwise waived, be financially responsible for drug testing, urinalysis at least on a 
monthly basis, and counseling if deemed appropriate by your supervising officer. 
You will enter and successfully" complete a non-secure ·or inpatient drug treatment program if deemed ·appropriate by 
your officer. 
. 
. 
You will comply with any curfew restrictions, confinement approved residence or travel restrictions as instructed by 
your officer and approved by the Officer's Supervisor. 
• 
III. 
. 3'6X Gff"ffiffii::iR eTM~AA-D COHJJff'teJN~.' 
~ 
you shall submit to a mandatory curfew from 10:00 PM to 6:00 AM 
•. 
(® (if the victim was under the age of 18 years) you shall not live within 1000 feet of a school, day care center, park, 
playground, or other place where children-regularly congregate. 
. 
. · 
(c) you shall enter, actively participate in, and successfully complete a sex offender treatment program with a therapist 
particularly trained to treat sex offender, at probationer's or community controlees expense. 
. 
~ou shall not.have any contact with the victi.in,directly or indirectly, including through a third person, unless approved 
by the victim, the therapist and sentencing court. 
• 
(if the victim was under the age of 18 years) you shall not, until you successfully attend and complete the sex offender 
program, have any unsupervised contact with a child under the age of 18 years, _unless authorized by the sentencing 
court, without an adult present who is responsible for the child's welfare and which adult has been advised of the crime 
·and is approved by the sentencing court. 
• 
• f the victim was under the age of 18 years) you shall not work for pay or as a volunteer in any school, day care center, 
ark, playground, or other place where children regularly congregate. 
f?Jf-
• 
. 
• • • 
• 
• . 
. 
, you shall not view, 
_ 
wn, or posses any obscene, pornographic or sexually stimulating :visual or auditory material, including telephone, 
electronic media, computer programs or computer services that are relevant to your deviant behavior pattern. 
~ 
Y o'u shall submit two specimens of blood to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to be registered w.ith the DNA 
Data Bank. 
. 
· 
• (i) You shall niak:e restitution to the victim as ordered by this court pursuant to F.S. 775.089 for all necessary medical and 
related professional services relating to the physical, psychiatric and psychological care of the victim. 
. 
• 
~ 
You shall submit to a warrantless search by your probation officer or community control officer of your p,s_o~ 
' 
. 
residence, or vehicle. 
. .. 
• 
. 
. . • . • 
, 
CQft\H\.,_~ "-D-J',~rt 
/al Db-M"-t--
-j-,:, ~K- £oh,~ t,J l-{-L' l,:. ~ ~ 
8J • e® ~u w--
{L ~t 
Y\., ~ M. ,J ~ o vi~ • -n ~ 
()..... ~ 
• ~ 
(h) i){knt1~ 'f-,> wavl'-~ ffd)f}dlli SCJM'/Cl, fu IM'ld~6hJ 
·J.-50 A-v--s-im.A; oJ\ ~ 
. rtl I A . Fe • 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
(c) 
(d) 
(e) 
'GO:fl,O,HJ~H'I'Y COHPR.OL ST7\NDARD t~n10]1§. 
you shall submit to a mandatory curfew from 10:00 PM to 6:00 AM 
(if the victim was under the age of 18 years) you shall not live within 1000 feet of a school, day care center, park, 
playground, or other: place where children regularly congregate. 
you shall enter, actively participate in, and successfully complete a sex offender treatment program with a therapist 
:particularly trained to treat sex offender, at probationer's or community controlees expense. 
you shall not have any contact with the victim, directly or indirectly, including through a third person, unless approved 
by the victim, the therapist and sentencing court. 
7(0 
& 
(g) 
(if the victim was under the age of 18 years) you shall not, until you successfully attend and complete the sex-offender 
program, have any unsupervised contact with a child under the age of 18 years, unless authorized by the sentencing 
court, without an adult present who is responsible for the child's welfare and which adult has been advised of the·crime 
and is approved by the sentencing court. 
• 
(if the VJ.Ctim was under the age of 18 years} you shall not work for pay or as a volunteer in any school, day care center, 
park, playground, or other place where children regularly congregate. 
----
h 
Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the sexual offender treatment program, you shall not view, 
own, or posses any obscene, pornographic or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material, including telephone,· 
• electronic media, computer programs or computer services that· are relevant to your deviant behavior pattern. 
You shall submit twos ecimens of blood to the Florida De 
• 
Data Bank. 
(i) 
'--' (j) 
~ 
You shall make restitution to-the victim as ordered by this court pursuant to F .S. 77 5 .08 9 for all necessary medical and 
related professional services relating to the physical, psychiatric and psychological care of the victim. 
You shall submit to a warrantless search by your probation officer or community control officer of your person, 
residence or vehicle 
• 
(le) you shall, as part of a treatment program, participate once/twice annually in polygraph examination to obtain information 
necessary for risk management and treatment and to reduce your denial mechanisms·. Your polygraph examinations must 
be conducted by a polygrapher trained specifically in the use of polygraph for monitoring sex offenders and it shall be 
paid by you. The results of the polygraph examinations shall not be used as evidenced in court to prove that a violation 
of community supervision occurred. 
• 
. 
· 
. • <1i)\ You s~a~1 main~ain a driving log, you shall not drive a motor vehii:;le while alone without prior approval of your 
· "'<.J supervismg officer. 
. 
. 
. ~ 
(if there was sexual contact) you shall submit to, at probationer's or community controlee'.s expense, an HIV test with 
)thet:.:,__ 
the results to be released to the victim,_ or the victim's parents or guardian. 
. 
· 
. 
~ 
You will not obtain or use a Post .Office Box without the prior approval of the supervising officer. 
(~ You will submit to electronic monitoring when deemed necessary by the community control or probation officer and his 
or her supervisor, and.ordered by the court at the recommendation of the Department of Corrections.· 
THE COURT RES-:BRVES THE RIGHT TO RESCIND, MODIFY, OR
0
REVOKE ~~wQ1-Ts~:r:_(? .'IJffl.lJITFNT PROVIDED BYLAW. 
DONE AND oRD:6RED AT West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this. 'j (j,.ay o ~ 
Nunc Pro Turic: _w.D@Q.i 
• 
· 
• 
• 
·. 
Honorable Sandrn K. McS.QrJ.~· 
Jti~ Circuit Court 
I h 
eived a copY of the terms and conditions of my supervision. I have read and understand these condit. -ms-~~~ agree to report to the Department of 
C ave :\s Probatiotl Office for further instruc.tions. Also, I hereby consent to the disclosure of my alcohol and drug abuse patient reca ds, the confidentiality 
'~~,;,. M~'Y ,e~~~d ~~42CFR,Pfflll, '" fue ";;(~:r;:r 
/../--1'-I----· -=:,___-----,-----
DATE 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
9◄1.101 Terms and conditions of community conuol-,d crlmtnal quarantine communtty 
control.·· 
(1) The court shall determine the terms and conditions of community control. Conditions 
specified in thfs subsection do not require oral pronouncement at the time of sentencina and 
may be considered standard conditions of community control. 
(a) The court shall require intemiw supervision and 5'.l'Veillance for an offondor placed into 
community control, which may include but is not limited to: 
1. Specified contact with the parole and probation officer. 
2. Confinement to an aareed·upon residenco dLrill8 hours away from employment and public 
service activities. 
3. Mandatory public service. 
◄• Supervision by the Department of Corrections by means of an electronic monitoring device 
or system. 
5. The standard conditions of probation set forth in s. 9-48.03. 
(b) For an offender placed on crimfnal quarantine community control, the court shall require: 
1. electronic monitoring 2◄ houn per day. 
2. Confinement to a desfa,,atad residence durf111 designated hours. 
(2) The enumeration of specific kinds of terms and conditions does not prewnt the court from 
adding thantto any other terms or conditions that the court considers proper. Howe"81', the 
santencina court may only impose a condition of supervision allowfna an offender convicted of 
s. 7~.011, s. 800.04, s. 827.071, ors. 8-47.01'45 to reside in another state if the order 
stlpu(atas that It is contingent upon the appr0"18l of the receivl"I state interstate compact 
authority. The col.rt may rescind or modify at any time the terms and conditions theretoforo 
imposed by ft upon the offends tn community control. Howewr, if the court withholds 
adjldcation of auilt or imposes a period of incarceration as a condition of comml.Wlity control, 
the period may not exceed 364 days, and incaruration shall be restricted to a county facility, 
a probetfon and restitution center under the jwisdfction of the Department of Correctfons, a 
probation proa,am drua punishment phase I sac .. e residential treatment institution, or a 
commll'lfty residential facility owned or operated by any entity providine such services. 
(3) The court may place a dofendant who is beina sentenced for criminal transmission of HIV in 
viCQtion of s. ns.oan on criminal quarantine community control. The Department of 
Corrections shall dcMalop and administer a criminal quarantine convnw,ity control proaram 
emphasizing intansfw supervision with 2◄-hour·per-<lay electronic monitoring. Criminal 
quarantine comm!M1ity control status must include SUl"Veillance and may include othor measures 
norn,ally associated with community control, except that specific conditfom necessary to 
monitor this population may be ordered. 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
19'4l.<M35 Sexual offenden required to rotbter with the department; pen4lty.·-
(1) As used in this section, the term: 
(a)1. "Sexual offender· means a penon who meets the criteria in sub-subparaaraph a., sub· 
subflaratraph b., sub-subparaaraph c., or sub-subparagraph d., as follows: 
a.(I) Has been corMcted of committing, or attempting, soliciting, or conspirifli to commit, any 
of tho criminal offenses proscribed in the followifli statutes in this state or similar offenses in 
another jurisdiction: s. 787_.01, s. 787.02, ors. 78!.025(2)(c), where the victim is a minor and 
the defanclant is not the victim's parent or prdian; s. 794.011, excluding s. Z9◄.011(10); s. 
rM-~ s. 796.03; s. 796.oi~; s. ~®-~; s. ~25.101~: s. 821.011; s. a◄1.oq~ s. a_~_.013s, 
excludi11(1 s. 8◄7.0135(◄); s. ~◄7.01~1; s. ~◄7~01 ~; s. 847.01 ◄5; ors. 985.7.91 (1 ); or any similar 
offense committed in this state which has been rodesignatod from a former statut& number to 
one of those listed in this sub-sub~ubparaQraph; and 
(II) Has been released on or after October 1, 1997, from the sanction imposed for any 
com,iction of an offense described fn sub-sub-subparqraph (I). For pwposes of sub-sub· 
5.Ubparaaraph (I), a sanction imposed in this state or in any other juri1Clfction includes, but is 
not limited to, a fine, probation, community control, parole, conditional release, control 
relet1se, or incarceration in a state prison, federal prison, private correctional facility, or local 
detention facility; 
b. Establishes or maintains a residence in this state and who has not been dosianatect as a 
sexual predator by a COi.Wt of this state but who has been designated as a sexual predator, as a 
sexually violent predator, or by another sexual offender designation in another state or 
jlM'fSdfctfon and was, as a result of such dosfption, subjected to registration or community or 
public notification, or both, or would be if the person were a resident of that state or 
jurisdiction, without raprd to whether the person otherwise meets the criteria for registration 
as a sexual offender; 
c. Establishes or maintains a residence in this state who is in the custody or control of, or 
undw the supervision of, any other state or jurisdiction as a result of a conviction for 
commttting, or attemptf na, solfdting, or conspiring to commit, any of the criminal offenses 
proscribed in the following statutes or similar offonse in another jurisdiction: s. 787.01, s. 
787.02, ors. 787.025(2)(c), where the victim is a minor and the defendant is not the victim's 
parent or guardian; s. 79◄.011, excluding s. 79-t.011(10); s. 79◄.05; s. 796.03; s. 796.035; s. 
~; s. 825.1025; s. 827.071; s. 8◄7 .0133; s. ~.47 .0135, excluding s. 8◄7 .01 ~~(◄); s. 
8◄7,0137; s. 8-47.0138; s. 8◄7.01 ◄5; ors. 9!5.70!(1); or any similar offilnse committed in this 
stab) which has boon redesipted from a former statute number to one of those listed in this 
sub-subparae,aph; or 
d. On or after July 1, 2007, has been adjudicated delinquent for committing, or attempti~, 
solic:itina, or conspiring to commit, any of the criminal offenses proscribed in the following 
stat\ltes in this state or simRar offenses in another juri-.diction when the juvonile was 14 years 
of aee or older at the time of the offense: 
(I) Section 79◄.01_1_, excluding s. ?J◄.011(10); 
(II) Section 800.~(◄)(b) whore the victim is under 12 years of age or where the court finds 
sexual activity by the use of force or coercion; 
(Ill) Soction ~.0◄(5)(c)1. where the court finds molestation inwlvina unclothed aenital • , 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
(IV) Soc:tion 800.04(5)(d) where the court finds the use of force or coercion and unclothed 
iGflitals. 
-·-· 
2. for all quaUfyina offenses listed in sub-subparaaraph (1 )(a)1.d., the court shall make a 
written flndina of the aee of the offender at the time of the offense. 
For ctac:h violation of a qualifyina offonse listed in this subsection, the court shall make a 
written flndina of the age of the victim at the time of the offense. for a violation of s. 
800.04(◄), the court shall additionally make a written findina indicatint that tho offense did or 
did hOt inYOlw sexual activity and indfcatina that the offonse did or did not irM>lw force or 
coercion. for a violation of s. 800.04(5), the court shall additionally make a written findifll 
that the offense dfd or did not inYOlw unclothed QGf'ritals or genital area and that the offenso 
did or did not inwlw the use of force or coercion. 
(b) ·convicted" means that there has been a determination of auilt as a result of a trial or the 
entry of a plea of auflty or nolo contendere, reprdless of wheth• adjudication fs withheld, 
and includes an adjudication of delinquency of a juvenile as specified in this soction. 
CorrAction of a shnflar offense includes, but is not limited to, a conviction by a federal or 
mflftary tribwlal, includlna courts-martial conducted by the Annod Forces of the United States, 
and includes a conviction or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere resultina in a sanction 
in any state of the Unftad States or other jurisdiction. A sanction includes, but is not lfmftad 
to,• fine, probation, community control, parole, conditional release, control release, or 
inca~eration in a stata prison, federal prison, private correctional facility, or local detcantion 
facility. 
(c) "Permanent residence· and ·temporary residence· haw the same meanina ascribed in s. 
ns.21. 
(d) ·institution of higher education· means a career center, commw,ity colleao, college, state 
university, or independent postsac:ondary institution. 
(e) ·Chanae in ervotlment or employment status" means the commencement or termination of 
orv-ollment or employment or a change in location of enrollment or employment. 
(f) "Electronic mail address· has the same meanina as provided ins. 668.602. 
(I) "Instant message name· means an identifier that allows a person to commuiicate in real 
time with another parson usina the Internet. 
(2) A sexual offenct. shall: 
(a) Report in person at the sheriffs office: 
1. Ii, the county in which tho offender ostablishes or maintains a permanent or temporary 
residence within -18 hours after: 
a. fstablishfna permanent or temporary residence in this state; or 
b. Beina released from the custody, control, or supervision of the Department of Corrections 
or from the custody of a private correctional facility; or 
2. In the county where he or she was convicted within 48 hours after beint convicted for a 
qualifyifll offense for r91istration under this section if tho offender is not in tho custody or 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
.J 
control of, or under the suporvision of, the Department of Corrections, or is not in the custody 
of a private correctional facility. 
Any change in the sexual offender's permanent or temporary residence, name, any electronic 
mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pwsuant to paraaraph 
(4)(d), after the sexual offender reports in person at the sheriffs office, shall be accomplished 
in the manner provided in subsections (◄), (7), and (8). 
(b) Provide his or h8r name, date of birth, social security number, race, sex, height, weight, 
hair and f¥'t9 color, tattoos or other identifyfnQ marks, occupation and place of omployment, 
address of permanent or teeal residence or address of any current temporary residence, within 
the state and out of state, including a rural route address and a post office box, any electronic 
mail address and any instant message name required to be provided punuant to paraaraph 
(◄)(d), data and place of each conviction, and a brief description of the crime or crimes 
committed by the offw1der. A post office box wll not be provided in lieu of a physical 
residential address. 
1. If the sexual offiander's place of residence is a motor whicle, trailer, mobile home, or 
manufact&nld homo, as defined in chapt• 320, the sexual offender wll also provide to tho 
~rtment throuth the sheriffs office writtan notice of the ~icle identification number; the 
lic81"1Se tat number; the rGifstration number; and a descrfpdon, including color scheme, of the 
motor whicle, trailer, mobile home, or manufactured home. If the sexual offend•'s place of 
residence is a Y8558l, liw-aboard Y8558l, or houseboat, as defined in chapter 327, the sexual 
off•hcler 5hall also provide to the department written notice of the hull identification numbor; 
the manufactwer's serial number; the name of the wssel, liw-aboard wssel, or houseboat; the 
registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the wssel, live-aboard 
wssel, or houseboat. 
2. If the sexual offender is enrolled, employed, or carryina on a wcation at an institution of 
hither education in this state, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department throuth 
the sheriffs office the name, address, and county of each institution, including each campus 
attended, and the sexual offender's enrollment or employment status. Each chanae in 
orrollrnent or employment status shall be roported in person at the sheriffs office, within 48 
hows after any d\ilnle in status. The sheriff shall promptly notify each institution of the sexual 
offender's presence and any change in the sexual offender's wollment or employment status. 
When a sexual offender reports at the sheriffs office, the sheriff shall take a photo;raph and a 
set of fl,..-prfnts of the offender and forward the photographs and fingerprints to the 
~rtmont, along with the information provided by the sexual offender. The sheriff shall 
pron,ptly provide to the department the information recafwd from the sexual offender. 
(3) Within ◄8 hoLn after the report required under subsoc:tion (2), a sexual offender shall 
report in person at a driwr's license office of the Department of Htahway Safety and Motor 
Vehicles, unless a drfwr's license or identification card that complies with the requirements of 
s. ID. 1◄1 (3) was previously sac11ed or updated und• s. 9◄◄.607. At the driwr's license office 
the sexual offender shall: 
(a) If otherwise qualified, secure a Florida driwr's license, renew a Florida driver's license, or 
secure an identification card. The sexual offender shall identify himself or herself as a sexual 
offiat lldel' who is required to comply with this section and wll provide proof that the sexual 
offender reported as requirod in subsection (2). The sexual offender shall provide any of tho 
information specified in sub<sGc:tion (2), if requested. The sexual offender shall submit to tho 
takil"II of a photoaraph for use in issuing a driwr's license, renewed license, or identification 
card, and for use by the department in maintainifli current records of sexual offenders. 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
(b) Pay the costs auessed by the Department of Hfat,way Safety and Motor Vehicles for issuint 
or rcanewina a driwr's license or identification card as required by this section. The driwr's 
Ucer,se or identification card f55Uad must be in compliance with s. 322.1 ◄1 (3). 
(c) Provide, upon roquest, any additional information necessary to confirm the identity of the 
sexual offender, includfna a sat of fingerprints. 
(-4)(1) Each time a sexual offender's driwr's license or identification card is subject to renewal, 
and, without reprd to the status of the offender's dri\lW's license or identification card, within 
4 hows after any change in the offender's permanent or temporary residence or chanae in the 
offender's name by reason of marriage or other leeal process, the offender shall report in 
person to a drhivr's license office, and shall be subject to the requirements specified in 
subsection (3). The 0epartmont of Hiat,way Safety and Motor Vehicles shall forward to the 
d~rtment all photographs and information pro'll'ided by sexual offend.-s. Notwithstandina the 
rasbictions sat forth in s. ~2. 1-42, the Department of Hiat,way Safety and Motor Vehicles is 
authorized to release a reproduction of a color-photograph or diaftal-lmage liconse to the 
Oeplrtment of Law Enforcement for purposes of public notification of sexual offenders as 
Pf'O"ided fn this sectfon and ss. 9-43.043 and 9-44.606. 
{b) A sexual offin:ler who vacates a permanant residence and fails to establish or maintain 
another permanent or temporary residence shall, within -48 ho&.n aftllr vacatfna the permanent 
residence, report in person to the sheriffs office of the county in which he or she is located. 
The sexual offender shall specify the date upon which he or she intends to or did vacate such 
residence. The sexual offender must provide or update all of the reefstration information 
roqlrired uider paraaraph (2)(b). The sexual offender must provide an addross for the residooce 
or other location that he or she is or will be occupyina durtna the time in which he or she fails 
to establish or maintain a permanant or temporary residence. 
(c) A sexual offender who remains at a permanent residence after raportf nt his or her intent 
to ~ta such residence shall, within -48 hows after the date upon which the offander 
indfcated he or she would or did vacate such residence, report in person to the agency to which 
he or she reported pwsuant to paraaraph (b) for the purpose of raportina his or her address at 
such residence. When the sheriff recefws the report, the sheriff shall promptly conwy the 
infotmation to the depwtment. An offllnder who makes a report as required under parapph 
(b) but fails to make a report as requinad under this paraa,aph corrmfts a felony of the second 
degree, punishable as provided Ins. nS.082, s. 775.083, or s. ns.~. 
(d) A wxual offander must reflistar any electronic mail address or instant messaea name with 
tht department prior to usf nQ such electronic mail address or Instant messaea name on or after 
October 1, 2007. Th• department shall establish an online system through which sexual 
offenden may secwely access and update all electronic mail address and instant message 
name information. 
(5) This section does not apply to a sexual offender who is also a sexual prodator, as definod in 
s. ns. 21. A sexual predator must rogfster as required under s. ns. 21. 
(6) County and local law enforcement aaendes, in conjunction with the department, shall 
'\lllrify the addresses of sexual offenders who are not under the care, custody, control. or 
supervisfon of the Oepartmont of Corrections in a manner that is consistent with the provisions 
of the tac.'al Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 and any other federal 
standards applicable to such '\lllriflcation or required to be met as a condition for the receipt of 
federal funds by the state. Local law enforcemont aaenctes shall report to the department any 
faftlKe by a sexual offender to comply with registration requiremont5. 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
(7) A sexual offender who intcands to establish residence in another state or jurisdiction othor 
than the State of Florida shall report in porson to the sheriff of the county of current residonce 
within -48 hours before the date ho or she intends to loaw this state to establish residence in 
another state or jLrisdiction. The notification must include the address, municipality, county, 
and state of intended residonce. The sheriff shall promptly provide to the department the 
information receiwd from the sexual offender. The department shall notify the statewide law 
enforcement aae,,cy, or a comparable aaencY, in the intended state or jurisdiction of residonce 
of the sexual offender's intended residence. "The failure of a sexual offender to provide his or 
her intended place of rasidonce is punishable as provided in subsection (9). 
(S) A sexual offender who indicates his or her intent to reside in another state or jurisdiction 
other than the State of Florida and later decides to remain in this state shall, within -48 hours 
after the date upon which the sexual offender indicated ho or she would leave this state, 
report in person to the sheriff to which the sexual offender reported the intended change of 
residence, and report hfs or her intent to remain in this state. The sheriff shall promptly report 
this information to the department. A sexual offender who reports his or her intent to resido in 
another state or ji.risdfctfon but who remains in this state without reportfna to the sheriff in 
the manner requf red by this subsection commits a felony of the second degree, punishable as 
pr0¥ided ins. 775.082, s. 775.083, °' s . .775.0M. 
(9)(•) A sexual offender who does not comply with the requirements of this section commits a 
felor,y of tho third delree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.08'4. 
(b) A sexual offender who commits any act or omission in violation of this section may bo 
prosecuted fOI' the act or omission in the county in which the act or omission was committed, 
the county of the last registered address of the sexual offender, or the county in which the 
conviction occWTGd for the offense or offenses that meet the criteria for desiptit11 a person 
as a wxual offender. 
(c) An arrest on cha,ves of failure to register when the offender has been provided and advised 
of his or her statutory oblfptions to register under subsection (2), the service of an 
information or a complaint for a violation of this section, or an arraian,nent on charges for a 
vlol•tion of thfs sec::don constitutes actual notice of the duty to register. A sexual offender's 
fail&a-e to immediately register as required by this section following such arrest, service, or 
arrata,vnent constitutes arounds for a subsequent charge of failure to register. A sexual 
offender charaed with the crime of failure to register who asserts, or intends to assert, a lack 
of notice of the duty to register as a defense to a char1fe of failure to register shall 
immediately register as required by thfs section. A sexual offender who is charaed with a 
subsequent failw-e to reefster may not assert the defense of a lack of notice of the duty to 
regitter. 
(d) Registration following such arrest, service, or arraignment is not a defense and does not 
retitwu the sexual offender of criminal liability for the faihxe to reaister. 
(10) The department, the Oepartment of Hf~y Safety and Motor Vehicles, the Departmont 
of Corrections, the Oepartmont of Juwnile Justice, any law enforcement a~ in this stato, 
and the personnel of those departments; an elected or appointed official, public employee, or 
schoot administrator; or an omployee, agency, or any individual or entity actina at the roquost 
or upon the direction of any law enforcement agency is immune from civwl liability for damages 
for 8ood faith compliance with the requirements of this section or fOI' the release of 
infotmation under this section, and shall be presumed to haw acted in aood faith in compiling, 
recording, reportine, or reloasit11 the information. The presumption of aood faith is not 
o'\IQl"come ff a technical or clerical error ls made by the department, the Department of 
Highway Safety and Motor Vohicles, the Department of Corrections, the Department of Juvonile 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
JuSttce, the personnel of those departments, or any individual or entity actina at the request 
or upon the direction of any of those departments in compilfna or providint information, or if 
infotmation is incomplete or incorrect because a sexual offendar fails to report or falsely 
reports his or her cW"rent place of permanent or temporary residence. 
(11) Except as provided ins. 9◄3.0◄35-4, a sexual offender must maintain registration with the 
~ 
for the dll"ation of his or her life, unless the sexual offender has rocoiwd a full 
pardon or has had a conviction set aside in a postconviction procaedint for any offense that 
meets the criteria for dassifyint the person as a sexual offender for purposes of registration. 
How8'/IIIH', a soxual offender: 
(a)1. Who has been lawfully released from confinement, supervision, or sanction, whichevor is 
latet, for at lNSt 25 )1981'5 and has not been arrested for any felony or misdomoanor offenso 
since release, provided that the sexual offender's requirement to retistar was not based upon 
an adult conviction: 
a. for a violation of s. 787.01 ors. 787.02; 
b. for a violation of s. 794.0.11, excludint s. 79◄.011 (10); 
c. For a violation of s. 800.04(◄)(b) where the court finds the offenso inwlved a victim under 
12 yean of age or sexual activity by the uso of force or coercion; 
d. For a violation of s. 800!~(5)(b); 
e. For a violation of s. 800.~(S)c.2. where the court finds the offense involved unclothed 
aarritals or genital area; 
f. For any attempt or conspiracy to commit any such offanse; or 
9. For a violation of similar law of another jurisdiction, 
may petftton the criminal division of the circuit court of the circuit in which the sexual 
offender resides for the purpose of removina the requirement for r91istration as a sexual 
offender. 
2. The cowt may .,ant or deny relief If the offender demonstrates to the court that he or she 
has not been arrested for any crime since rolaase; the raquestad relief complios with the 
pro"isfons of the fodaral Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 and any other 
federal standards applicable to the removal of r9tistration requirements for a sexual offender 
or r~ rad to be met as a condition for the receipt of federal funds by the state; and the court 
is othorwfse satisfied that tho offender is not a current or potential thraat to public safety. rhe 
state attorney in the circuit in which the petition is filed must be tiwfl notice of the petition 
at l~ 3 weeks bofore the hearina on the matter. The state attorney may prosent evidenco in 
opposition to the requested relief or may otherwise demonstrate the reasons why the petition 
shcqd be damed. If the court denios the petition, the court may set a futuro date at which the 
sexual offender may again petition the court for relief, subject to the standards for relief 
pnrt,ided in this subsection. 
3. Tho department shall remove an offender from classification as a sexual offunder for 
purposes of registration if tho offender provides to the department a certiflod copy of the 
c011t's written findi"IIS or order that indicatos that the offender is no lonaer required to 
comply wfth the requirements for roaistration as a sexual offendar. 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
(b) As dofinad in sub-subparagraph (1 )(a)1.b. must maintain rCJlistration with the departmont 
for the duration of his or her life until the person provides the department with an order issued 
by the court that dosignated the person as a sexual predator, as a sexually violont predator, or 
by another sexual offel Ider designation in the state or jurisdiction in which the order was 
issuctd which states that such designation has been remowd or demonstrates to the 
depertfflQnt that such desiption, if not imposed by a court, has been removed by operation of 
law or court order in the state or jurisdiction in which the desiption was made, and providod 
such perwn no le>ni« meets the criteria for registration as a sexual offender under the laws of 
this state. 
(12) The Letislature finds that sexual offenders, especially thaw who haw committed offenses 
aaaf nst minors, often pose a high risk of ~aina in sexual offenses ewn after beint releasod 
from incarceration or commitment and that protection of the public from sexual offenders is a 
pararnouit gowrnmant interest. Sexual offenders haw a reduced expectation of privacy 
bclQuse of the public's interGSt in public safety and in the effiK:tiw operation of go"91"nment. 
Releasint information concornint sexual offonders to law enforcement aaancles and to periOns 
who request such information, and the release of such information to the public by a law 
enforcement atancY « public agency, will further the IO'Wlfflfflantal interests of public safoty. 
l1Mt desiQnation of a person as a sexual offender is not a sentence or a punishment but is simply 
the status of the offender which is the result of a conviction for havint convnitted certain 
crimes. 
(13) Any person who has reason to believe that a sexual offender is not complyint, or has not 
complied, with the requirements of this section and who, with the intent to assist the sexual 
offender in eludint a law enforcement agency that is saekint to find the sexual offender to 
question the sexual offender about, or to arrest the sexual offender for, his or her 
noncompliance with the requirements of this section: 
(a) Withholds inf«mation from, or does not notify, the law enforcement aaency about the 
sexual offander's noncompliance with the requirements of this section, and, if known, tho 
whereabouts of the sexual offender; 
(b) Harbors, « attempts to harbor, or assists another person in harborina or attemptina to 
harbor, the sexual offender; or 
(c) Conceals or attempts to conceal, or assists another person in concealina or attemptina to 
c~ael, the sexual offender; or 
(d) Provides information to the law enforcement agency retardif'll tho sexual offender that the 
person knows to be false information, 
commits a felony of tho third delr•, punishable as provided in s. nS.082, s. 775.083. or s. 
m.0&4. 
(1 ◄)(a) A sexual offender must report in person each~ di.Mina the month of the sexual 
offender's birthday and durint tho sixth month following tho sexual offender's birth month to 
the sheriffs office in the county in which he or she resides or is otharMse located to reregister. 
(b) However, a sexual offender who is required to register as a result of a conviction for: 
1. Soction 787.01 ors. 787..:9.£ where the victim is a minor and the offender is not the victim's 
parent or prdian; 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
2. Section 79◄.011, excluding s. 79◄.01.!(10); 
3. Section 800.04(◄)(b) whore the court finds the offense inwlwd a victim under 12 years of 
aae or sexual activity by the use of force or coercion; 
◄. Section 800.Q-f(S)(b); 
5. Section 800.~(5)(c)1. where the court finds molestation irwolving unclothed genitals or 
aenf tal area; 
6. Section 800.0◄(S)c.2. whore the court finds molestation imdving ooclothed genitals or 
aenftal area; 
7. Section 800.0◄(S)(d) where the court finds the use of force or coercion and unclothed 
aenftals or genital area; 
8. Any attempt or conspiracy to commit such offense; or 
9. A violation of a similar law of another jurisdiction, 
must reregister each year durina the month of the sexual offender's birthday and every third 
month thereafter. 
(c) 'The sheriffs office may determine the appropriate times and days for reportina by the 
sexual offander, which shall be consistent with the reporting requirements of this subsection. 
Rentttstration shall include any changes to the following information: 
1. Name; social secl.l'ity number; aae; race; sex; date of birth; height; weiif'tt; hair and e,yo 
color; address of any permanent residence and address of any current temporary residence, 
within the state or out of state, including a rural route address and a post office box; any 
electronic mail address and any instant message namo required to be provided pursuant to 
panlgraph (◄)(d); data and place of any employment; whfcle make, model, color, and license 
tat number; fingerprints; and photoeraph. A post office box shall not be provided in lfou of a 
physical residential address. 
2. If the sexual offender is errolled, employed, or carryina on a wcation at an institution of 
higher education in this state, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department the 
name, address, and county of each institution, includf na eec::h campus attended, and the sexual 
offender's ervollment or employment status. 
3. If the sexual offendw's place of rasfdence is a motor wtticle, trailer, mobile home, or 
manufactured home, as defined in chapter 320, the sexual offender shall also provide the 
whicle identification number; the license tat number; the registration number; and a 
description, includit11 color scheme, of the motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or 
manufactured home. tf the sexual offender's place of residence is a wssel, live-aboard 'IIVSsel, 
or houseboat, as defined in chapter 327, the sexual offender shall also provide the hull 
identification number; the manufacturer's serial number; the name of the wssal, liw-aboard 
vassal, or houseboat; the r89istration number; and a description, including color scheme, of 
the \lessel, liw-aboard "'95SQl or houseboat. 
◄. Any sexual offender who fails to report in person as required at the sheriffs office, or who 
fails to respond to any address -.wification correspondence from the department within 3 
weeks of the date of the correspondence or who fails to report electronic mail addresses or 

NOT A CERTIFIED COPY
instant ,nessaae names, commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 
775.082, s. ns.os~ or s. Z?S.084. 
(d) The sheriffs office shall, within 2 worki"I days, electronically submit and update all 
information provided by the sexual offender to the department in a manner proscribed by the 
department. 
