METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\United States v. Epstein, No. 119-cr-00490 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 072.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sigrid McCawley 
Telephone: (954) 377-4223
Email: smccawley@bsfllp.com 
August 5, 2025 
Hon. Richard M. Berman  
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
Hon. Paul A. Engelmayer  
U.S. District Court of the Southern District of New York 
Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse  
40 Foley Square  
New York, NY 10007 
Re: Unsealing of Grand Jury Transcripts in U.S. v. Epstein, 19-cr-490 (RMB) and U.S. v. 
Maxwell, 20-cr-330 (PAE) 
Dear Judges Berman and Engelmayer, 
We write on behalf of Annie Farmer in response to the belated notice that we received from 
the Department of Justice on July 25, 2025, advising that the Court is seeking letters on behalf of 
victims setting out their positions on the proposed disclosures of Jeffrey Epstein’s and Ghislaine 
Maxwell’s grand jury transcripts.1  
By the Government’s admission, “over one thousand victims” suffered from Epstein’s and 
Maxwell’s actions.  To date, however, the combined forces of our country’s law enforcement 
agencies have only ever arrested these two individuals in connection with crimes committed 
against countless young women and girls, and the Government’s recent suggestion that no further 
criminal investigations are forthcoming is a cowardly abdication of its duties to protect and serve.2  
1 Ms. Farmer is a survivor of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s crimes and testified at Maxwell’s trial. 
While the undersigned counsel has, at various times, represented hundreds of victims of Epstein 
and Maxwell aside from Ms. Farmer, the Department of Justice’s notice did not identify the 
specific victims whose names, likenesses, or information may be subject to disclosure. 
2 Of those two, Epstein escaped justice through his apparent suicide, and Maxwell is now, to the 
victims’ horror, herself attempting to escape justice by negotiating for herself a potential pardon 
Docket and file.
8/5/25
MEMO ENDORSED
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 72     Filed 08/05/25     Page 1 of 5

 
2 
 
It is obviously impossible for two people to conduct a decades-long sex-trafficking enterprise 
involving thousands of victims without other individuals who participated in and facilitated these 
unspeakable atrocities.   
   
The recent controversy surrounding the Government’s decision to withhold information 
concerning Epstein’s and Maxwell’s crimes has largely ignored the victims’ perspective.  Ms. 
Farmer is thankful for the Court’s invitations to state the victims’ positions, and supports the 
unsealing of the grand jury transcripts, as well as the accompanying grand jury exhibits, with 
redactions only as necessary to protect victims’ names, likenesses, and identifying information.  
Transparency is critical to justice, and the public has a legitimate interest in understanding the full 
scope of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s crimes, particularly where those actions caused lasting harm to 
others.  While it was not the victims’ decision to seek disclosure of the grand jury transcripts alone 
(as opposed to the much larger volume of information available in the “more than 300 gigabytes 
of data and physical evidence” in the Government’s possession that should be disclosed as well), 
the instant motion for unsealing will help expose the magnitude and abhorrence of Epstein’s and 
Maxwell’s crimes.  
 
In this case that involved a decades-long, systematic criminal scheme that shocked the 
conscience of the public, caused lasting harm to survivors, and raised credible concerns about the 
failures of institutional accountability, there is an especially compelling interest in transparency.  
Unsealing the grand jury transcripts will illuminate the scope of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s abuse, 
provide additional insight into those who enabled his abuse, and bring light to how these crimes 
were investigated and prosecuted.  While grand jury secrecy serves important purposes, it is not 
absolute and under these circumstances the balance tilts in favor of disclosure. 
 
1. Given the Magnitude and Abhorrence of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s Crimes, the 
Unsealing of the Grand Jury Transcripts Is Appropriate.  
 
The Second Circuit has recognized that there are special circumstances when the release 
of grand jury records is appropriate based on the courts’ supervisory authority over the grand juries 
they empanel and that the trial court has “wide discretion … in evaluating whether disclosure is 
appropriate.”  In re Petition of Craig, 131 F.3d 99, 102, 104 (2d Cir. 1997).  In Craig, the Second 
Circuit outlined a non-exclusive list of factors that a trial court may consider when deciding 
whether “special circumstances warrant the release of grand jury transcripts.  Id. at 106.  We join 
the Government’s arguments for unsealing under the Craig factors, Epstein Dkt No. 66, at 3–7.  
Two factors warrant additional discussion in light of the victims’ position in favor of unsealing.  
 
 
or commutation of her sentence.  The victims of her crimes unequivocally object to any potential 
leniency that the Government may be considering offering Maxwell, a convicted sex trafficker. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 72     Filed 08/05/25     Page 2 of 5

 
3 
 
A. Why Disclosure Is Being Sought in Particular Case  
 
Grand jury secrecy may serve legitimate purposes in ordinary cases, but this is no ordinary 
case.  In addition to the public interest that the Government identifies, Epstein Dkt. No. 66 at 4–5, 
disclosure of the grand jury transcripts in this case serves the interest of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s 
victims in bringing light to Epstein’s and Maxwell’s horrific crimes.  This transparency and 
accountability is a form of justice.  Epstein is the world’s most notorious sex offender, and his 
crimes span decades, with thousands of victims.  Epstein was a calculated predator who preyed on 
minors and young women using wealth, deceit, and manipulation.  Maxwell, his righthand woman, 
played a central role in recruiting, grooming, and trafficking Epstein’s victims, oftentimes 
participating in the abuse.  Her participation, and the complicity and participation of others, 
enabled Epstein to conduct a decades-long sex-trafficking scheme.  
 
Given the magnitude and abhorrence of Epstein and Maxwell’s crimes, unsealing the grand 
jury transcripts is not just appropriate, it is necessary to understand the full scope of the abuse and 
those who enabled it.  For years, victims of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s crimes have been silenced, 
fearful of the repercussions of exposing the many powerful individuals in Epstein’s network, many 
of whom have not yet been named or investigated.  Unsealing the grand jury transcripts would 
allow additional important information to emerge without requiring the victims to expose 
themselves to the same ridicule, retaliation, and humiliation they would face if they were the ones 
to expose such information.  The Government itself acknowledged that there are “over one 
thousand victims,” 3  yet only a small fraction—approximately one-fifth—have received 
compensation, underscoring the continuing lack of full accountability for Epstein, Maxwell, and 
their co-conspirators.  The interests of the victims should therefore weigh in favor of disclosure.  
See Matter of Aiani v. Donovan, 98 A.D.3d 972, 974 (2d Dep’t 2012) (ordering disclosure of 
banking records requested in connection with grand jury proceedings based on the interests of the 
victims). 
 
B. Whether Witnesses to the Grand Jury Transcripts Who Might Be Affected by 
Disclosure Are Still Alive  
 
This factor considers whether individuals who may be affected by the disclosure of grand 
jury materials may be adversely impacted by unsealing.  This case presents a rare and compelling 
circumstance where the victims seek transparency, not secrecy.  In In re National Security Archive, 
for example, where the proceedings held substantial historical importance and the living witnesses 
did not express any objection to the release, the Court found that the release of grand jury testimony 
was appropriate.  2008 WL 8985358, at *1–2 (S.D.N.Y. Aug. 26, 2008).  The victims represented 
by the undersigned counsel who are still alive do not just passively support unsealing, but 
 
3 See U.S. Dep’t of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Memorandum (July 6, 2025), 
https://www.justice.gov/opa/media/1407001/dl?inline.  
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 72     Filed 08/05/25     Page 3 of 5

 
4 
 
affirmatively support unsealing, subject to appropriate redactions to protect their personal privacy.  
Their consent to disclosure should weigh in favor of unsealing under this factor.  Further, because 
the Government intends to redact the names and identifying information of the victims, there is no 
risk that the privacy of the victims will be jeopardized.  In re Kutler, 800 F. Supp. 2d 42, 50 (D.D.C. 
2011) (procedures for reviewing transcripts to protect named individuals as needed “allay any 
remaining privacy concerns”).  
 
2. The Court Should Assess the Appropriateness of the Redactions.  
 
The grand jury transcripts should be released subject to narrowly tailored redactions of the 
names, likenesses, and identifying information of the victims.  The Court should not, however, 
rubber stamp redactions to withhold from the public “information related to third parties who 
neither have been charged or alleged to be involved in the crimes with which Epstein and Maxwell 
were charged,” Epstein Dkt. No. 66 at 7.  Any effort to redact third party names smacks of a cover 
up.  The Government does not elaborate on what protocol it is using to redact other “third party” 
names or which types of individuals it seeks to protect in this way.  To the extent the Government 
for some reason seeks to redact the names of other Epstein and Maxwell affiliates on the basis that 
these individuals “neither have been charged or alleged to be involved” in their crimes, the Court 
should exercise its independent authority to ensure that any redactions are tailored to serve 
compelling interests.  See generally Brown v. Maxwell, 929 F.3d 41, 50 (2d Cir. 2019) (even if 
materials are not considered judicial documents to which a presumption of public access applies, 
“a court must still articulate specific and substantial reasons for sealing such material”).  
 
A. Redactions of the Names and Identifying Information of the Victims Is 
Appropriate. 
 
The privacy interests of Ms. Farmer and other victims (as victims of sex abuse and human 
trafficking) are strong.  In Giuffre v. Maxwell, Judge Preska repeatedly recognized the “gravity of 
the privacy interests” of “victims of Jeffrey Epstein’s sexual abuse.”  Giuffre v. Maxwell, 2020 
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 221599, at *16 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 25, 2020).  The Court explained that “[t]hose 
interests are particularly acute given that the psychological and emotional wellbeing of survivors 
of alleged sexual assaults may be implicated by such a broad disclosure.”  Giuffre v. Dershowitz, 
2020 WL 5439623, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 9, 2020).  And “[t]hose interests weigh no less heavily” 
where “it is law enforcement seeking modification of the protective order instead of a private 
litigant.”  Giuffre v. Maxwell, 2020 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 221599, at *16.  In Doe 1 v. JP Morgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., Judge Rakoff recently found that the privacy interest of a victim of Epstein 
justified sealing because “[p]rotecting the identity of sexual assault survivors and the details of 
their assaults is traditionally considered private and has been widely recognized as a compelling 
reason to limit public access to [even] judicial documents.”  742 F. Supp. 3d 387, 397 (S.D.N.Y. 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 72     Filed 08/05/25     Page 4 of 5

 
5 
 
2024).  Thus, Ms. Farmer’s and other victims’ privacy interests as victims of Epstein and Maxwell 
weigh heavily in favor of the redactions of the victims’ names and identifying information. 
 
B. Redactions of Names and Information Relating to Epstein and Maxwell’s Co-
Conspirators Are Improper.  
 
The Government’s original motion refers to a July 6, 2025 Memorandum that concluded 
that no evidence could predicate an investigation into uncharged third parties associated with 
Epstein’s and Maxwell’s criminal scheme.  Epstein Dkt. No. 61 at 1–2. The Government purports 
to seek the unsealing of the grand jury transcripts to provide transparency for the public into the 
conclusions reached by the Memorandum.  Id.  To be clear, we do not agree that there is insufficient 
evidence to support investigations into third parties who enabled Epstein’s and Maxwell’s crimes 
and participated in them.  Numerous individuals have yet to be investigated and several civil cases 
have been filed addressing other individuals’ central involvement with Epstein’s and Maxwell’s 
sex trafficking.  
 
As the Court acknowledged, there are “over one thousand victims” of Epstein’s and 
Maxwell’s crimes.  Epstein Dkt. 63 at 4.  Less than one-fifth of these victims have been 
compensated for the crimes committed against them, either through the now-closed Epstein 
Victims Compensation Fund or otherwise.  To rectify this, there have been numerous civil cases 
filed that address third parties’ central involvement with Epstein and Maxwell’s sex-trafficking 
crimes.  See Doe 1 v. JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Case No. 22-cv-10019 (S.D.N.Y.), Doe 1 v. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Case No. 22-cv-10018 (S.D.N.Y.); Doe 3 v. Indyke, Case No. 
24-cv-01204 (S.D.N.Y.). To the extent any of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s enablers and co-
conspirators who have thus far evaded accountability are implicated by the grand jury transcripts, 
their identities should not be shielded from the public.  Though “[t]he privacy interests of innocent 
third parties” like the victims should be redacted, see Gardner v. Newsday, Inc., 895 F.2d 74, 79 
(2d Cir. 1990), there should be no similar protection for those third parties accused of wrongdoing.   
   
*** 
 
Ms. Farmer strongly supports the release of Epstein’s and Maxwell’s grand jury transcripts, 
subject to appropriate redactions of the victims’ names and identifying information.  Unsealing the 
grand jury transcripts serves the interests of transparency, accountability, and restorative justice.  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Sigrid S. McCawley   
Sigrid S. McCawley 
 
Counsel for Annie Farmer 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 72     Filed 08/05/25     Page 5 of 5
