METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Bryant v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10479 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 034.pdf
----------------------------------------
42268847v5
Troutman Sanders LLP
875 Third Avenue
New York, New York  10022
troutman.com
MatthewJ. Aaronson
Matthew.aaronson@troutman.com
May 13, 2020
Via ECF
Hon. Debra C. Freeman
Daniel Patrick Moynihan
United States Courthouse
500 Pearl St.
New York, NY 10007
Re:
Juliette Bryant, 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF
Dear Judge Freeman:
We represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors 
of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (together, the “Co-Executors”), in the above-referenced 
action (the “Action”).  We write to address the substantive issues raised in Plaintiff’s letters 
to the Court dated May 7 and May 11, prematurely requesting a pre-motion conference 
on Plaintiff’s anticipated motion to compel.  For the reasons set forth below and in our 
May 8 letter, we respectfully request that the Court deny Plaintiff’s request.  
The picture Plaintiff paints is a false one.  On their face, Plaintiff’s interrogatories 
are clearly overbroad and unduly burdensome. However, as a compromise and as the 
Co-Executors said they would do before Plaintiff filed her letter, the Co-Executors have 
supplemented their responses to those interrogatories.  Notwithstanding that Plaintiff has 
provided no transparency into her own efforts to produce responsive materials (something 
the Co-Executors hope to resolve before filing letters with the Court), the Co-Executors 
have collected and are, in connection with this and the numerous other cases against 
them before Your Honor, reviewing a database of over 730,000 documents.  We 
address Plaintiff’s specific points below.
First, Plaintiff’s proposed 18-year time frame for discovery is not proportional to 
the needs of this case and would impose an undue burden on the Co-Executors.  
Although Plaintiff asserts that her alleged abuse by Mr. Epstein occurred from 2002 to 
2004, she demands discovery from 2001 through July 2019.  Plaintiff’s proposed time 
frame is contrary to the goals of the 2015 amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, which emphasize the pre-existing but often-unheeded requirement that all civil 
discovery be proportional to the needs of the case.  See State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co. 
v. Fayda, No. 14CIV9792WHPJCF, 2015 WL 7871037, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 3, 2015), 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 34   Filed 05/13/20   Page 1 of 4
troutmariP 
sanders 

May 13, 2020
Page 2
42268847v5
aff'd, No. 14CV9792, 2016 WL 4530890 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 24, 2016) (“[T]he amended rule 
is intended to encourage judges to be more aggressive in identifying and discouraging 
discovery overuse; by emphasizing the need to analyze proportionality before ordering 
production of relevant information.”). Requiring the Co-Executors to conduct a search for 
and produce documents over an 18-year time period is not proportional to the needs of 
this case – which relates to Mr. Epstein’s alleged conduct over a two-year period that 
concluded in 2004. The Co-Executors advised Plaintiff’s counsel that the appropriate 
time period for discovery is the time period during which Plaintiff alleges she was abused 
and during which time her claims would have accrued.  Moreover, the Co-Executors will 
search for and produce all non-privileged communications between Mr. Epstein and 
Plaintiff or otherwise concerning Plaintiff, regardless of the year.
Plaintiff’s position, that all information relating to what Plaintiff describes as a “sex 
trafficking” scheme -- which is based on unproven allegations in the S.D.N.Y.’s 2019 
indictment of Mr. Epstein -- is relevant to Plaintiff’s alleged abuse, is untenable.  Plaintiff 
does not assert sex trafficking claims.  Rather, her claims are limited to battery and 
intentional infliction of emotional distress.  
Moreover, conduct that occurred after Plaintiff’s alleged abuse cannot possibly be 
used to support her claims.  While Plaintiff posits that discovery relating to Mr. Epstein’s 
conduct with other individuals is “relevant” to her claims, that does not mean that such 
discovery is proper.  See Mamakos v. United Airlines, Inc., No. CV147294JFBAKT, 2018 
WL 4861392, at *2 (E.D.N.Y. Sept. 28, 2018) (“[A]lthough Rule 26 still permits a wide 
range of discovery based upon relevance and proportionality, the provision authorizing 
the court ... to order discovery of any matter relevant to the subject matter involved in the 
action has been eliminated.”) (internal citations omitted).  Accordingly, the Court should 
reject Plaintiff’s attempt to grossly expand the scope of discovery to obtain documents 
that extend “far beyond the scope of Plaintiff’s claims and would significantly burden” the 
Co-Executors.  See Robertson v. People Magazine, No. 14 CIV. 6759 (PAC), 2015 WL 
9077111, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 16, 2015) (denying discovery requests that are 
“burdensome and disproportionate” where Plaintiff sought “nearly unlimited” discovery 
that was not addressed to alleged discriminatory conduct and/or comments).
Contrary to her counsel’s assertion, Plaintiff does not need discovery about Mr. 
Epstein’s interactions with other individuals to meet her burden to prove her claims for 
battery or intentional infliction of emotional distress allegedly committed against her.  The 
mere fact that certain testimony regarding a defendant’s prior conduct could theoretically 
be admissible at trial does not mean that Plaintiff is entitled to wide-ranging discovery.  
Plaintiff cites no authority for that proposition.  
Nor does Plaintiff need discovery about Mr. Epstein’s interactions with other 
individuals to invoke her equitable estoppel defense to the Co-Executor’s assertion that 
her claims are barred by the statute of limitations.  In order to prevail on her equitable 
estoppel defense, Plaintiff is required to show that Mr. Epstein’s conduct towards Plaintiff
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 34   Filed 05/13/20   Page 2 of 4
troutman1' 
sanders 

May 13, 2020
Page 3
42268847v5
prevented her from bringing her suit earlier; his conduct towards others has no bearing 
on such a defense.  “To invoke equitable estoppel, a plaintiff must show that: ‘(i) the 
defendant made a definite misrepresentation of fact and had reason to believe that the 
plaintiff would rely on it; and (ii) the plaintiff reasonably relied on that misrepresentation 
to h[er] detriment.’” See Yesh Diamonds, Inc. v. Yashaya, No. 09-CV-2016 (DLI) (RER), 
2010 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 101744, at *5 (E.D.N.Y. Sept. 27, 2010) (quoting Kavowras v. New 
York Times Co., 328 F.3d 50, 56-57 (2d Cir. 2003).
Second, Plaintiff suggests that the Co-Executors agreed to produce only 
documents that expressly reference Plaintiff.  That is an inaccurate representation of the 
parties’ conversations during the meet-and-confer sessions.  As we explained during the 
parties’ April 27 and May 5 meet-and-confers, the Co-Executors have and will continue 
to search for and produce documents that relate to Plaintiff and her claims of battery and 
intentional infliction of emotional distress, regardless of whether they specifically 
reference Plaintiff.  For example, if the Complaint alleges that Plaintiff traveled on Mr. 
Epstein’s plane, then flight logs for the relevant time period will be produced. Similarly, 
where phone records exist from the relevant time period and Plaintiff provides Co-
Executors with phone numbers that she used during the Relevant Time Period, Co-
Executors will search for calls to/from such phone numbers.  To the extent Plaintiff bases 
her argument on the Co-Executors’ search-term proposal for ESI, her counsel never 
engaged with us.  Rather than continue discussions that include bilateral search-term 
proposals – as is customary in this District and something other counsel in the other 
lawsuits against the Estate have done – Plaintiff burdened the Court in an apparent effort 
to obtain a wide-ranging Court order that would unduly burden the Co-Executors.  If 
Plaintiff had simply made a single proposal or engaged in any effort to compromise on 
her positions, this could have all been avoided. 
Third, Plaintiff’s request that the Co-Executors supplement their interrogatory 
responses is moot.  Again, this is exactly the situation the Court warned against.  The Co-
Executors supplemented their interrogatory responses earlier today, as they agreed to do 
before Plaintiff went ahead and burdened the Court with her initial lengthy letter on this 
issue.  The Co-Executors provided their initial and supplemental responses to Plaintiff’s 
interrogatories in the capacity in which they were sued.  Plaintiff provides no support for 
her position that the Co-Executors’ responses should be made in their personal or other 
professional capacity.  Plaintiff also misrepresents the parties’ communications regarding 
information provided by Co-Executors in connection with their interrogatory responses.  
As we advised Plaintiff on several occasions, the Co-Executors reviewed and approved 
the interrogatory responses before they were served.  
Plaintiff incorrectly states that counsel for Co-Executors represented that the Co-
Executors “do not know where to look for responsive documents.”  To the contrary, we 
stated that, despite the fact that obtaining documents and information from a large, 
complicated estate is more involved and thus takes longer than the collection of 
documents from an individual party such as Plaintiff, the Co-Executors retrieved hundreds 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 34   Filed 05/13/20   Page 3 of 4
troutman1' 
sanders 

May 13, 2020
Page 4
42268847v5
of thousands of documents and were reviewing the voluminous database in preparation 
for production, but that the task had been complicated by the need to track down such 
information and the attendant delays caused by the current pandemic.  The Co-Executors 
have compiled a database with over 730,000 documents that they have been searching 
for documents responsive to this and discovery requests in numerous other lawsuits.  
Subject to the execution of a mutually acceptable ESI protocol and confidentiality order 
(something made abundantly clear in the Co-Executors’ written responses to Plaintiff’s 
requests for production), they expect to begin production within the next week.  The only 
reason a confidentiality order was not already entered in this action (but was in several 
other lawsuits against the Co-Executors) is that, unlike the plaintiffs’ counsel in the other 
actions, Plaintiff’s counsel here insisted until shortly before filing their letter that the Co-
Executors accept unsupportable changes, such as the removal of several categories of 
confidentiality that the Co-Executors require but which Plaintiff does not believe she 
needs—a vexatious tactic.
Finally, contrary to her representations to the Court, Plaintiff has not complied with 
her discovery obligations.
Rather, Plaintiff produced a small set of self-selected, and 
useless materials so she could rush to Court under the guise of having made a meaningful 
production in the face of what she falsely claims was stonewalling from her adversaries.  
Approximately half of the documents Plaintiff produced are irrelevant documents from 
another case that was handled by Plaintiff’s counsel that has nothing to do with Plaintiff’s
claims in this action.1  There appears to have been no reason for the production of these 
documents other than to inflate the size of Plaintiff’s production.  Those same documents 
were also produced by the other Plaintiffs that Plaintiff’s counsel represents in actions 
against Mr. Epstein’s estate.  They do not appear to be documents that were in Plaintiff’s 
personal possession.  
Accordingly, we request that the Court deny Plaintiff’s request for a pre-motion 
conference and instead direct Plaintiff to engage in a good-faith meet-and-confer session 
to resolve the parties’ discovery disputes.
Respectfully submitted,
s/Matthew J. Aaronson
Matthew J. Aaronson
cc: Counsel of Record (via ECF)
1
The Court should be aware that the Hon. Lorretta A. Preska disqualified Plaintiff’s counsel from 
acting as counsel in a subsequent action related to that other action.
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 34   Filed 05/13/20   Page 4 of 4
troutman1' 
sanders 
