METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Doe v. Epstein, No. 909-v-80469 (S.D. Fla. 2009)
METADATA_FILENAME: 037-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM   Document 37-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2009   Page 1 of 3
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
--------------------------------------------------X 
JANE DOE II, 
Plaintiff(s), 
-against-
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, ET ANO., 
Defendant( s ). 
------"-------------------------------------------------X 
ST A TE OF NEW YORK 
) 
s.s: 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) 
CASE NO. 09-08469-CIV 
AFFIDAVIT OF SERVICE 
JOSEPH SANCHEZ, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he is an employee 
of KEATING & WALKER ATTORNEY SERVICE, INC., is over the age of eighteen 
years and is not a party to the action. 
That on the 14th day of April, 2009, at approximately 8:43 p.m., deponent 
attempted to serve a true copy of the Summons in a Civil Action and Complaint upon 
Sarah Kellen a/k/a Sarah Bonk at 301 East 66th Street, Apartment 14-G-E, New York, 
New York l 0065. I asked the Doonnan to call the apartment of Sarah Kellen a/Ida Sarah 
Bonk, via the lobby phone. The Doorman claimed that Sarah Kellen a/Ida Sarah Bonk is 
out of town. 
That on the 20th day of April, 2009, at approximately 7:45 p.m., deponent 
attempted to serve a true copy of the Summons in a Civil Action and Complaint upon 
Sarah Kellen a/Ida Sarah Bonk at 301 East 66th Street, Apartment 14-G-E, New York, 
New York 10065. I asked the Doorman to call the apartment of Sarah Kellen via the 
lobby phone, but the Doorman claimed that Sarah Kellen is not home. 
That on the 21st day of April, 2009, at approximately 9:20 p.m., deponent 
attempted to serve a true copy of the Summons in a Civil Action and Complaint upon 
Sarah Kellen a/k/a Sarah Bonk at 301 East 66th Street, Apartment 14-G-E, New York, 
New York 10065. I asked the Doomrnn to call the apariment of Sarah Kellen a/k/a Sarah 
Bonk, via the lobby phone, but the Doonnan claimed that Sarah Kellen is out of town. 
That on the 24th day of April, 2009, at approximately 8:30 a.m., deponent 
attempted to serve a true copy of The Summons in a Civil Action and Complaint upon 
Sarah Kellen a/k/a Sarah Bonk at 301 East 66th Street, Apartment 14-G-E, New York, 
New York 10065. I asked the Doomrnn to call the aparhnent of Sarah Kellen via the 
lobby phone but the Doomrnn claimed that Sarah Kellen is out of town. 
(1) 
I 
PLAINTIFF'S 
EXHIBIT 
i 

Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM   Document 37-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2009   Page 2 of 3
That on the 25th day of April, 2009, at approximately 10:30 a.m., deponent 
attempted to serve a true copy of The Summons in a Civil Action and Complaint upon 
Sarah Kellen a/k/a Sarah Bonk at 301 East 66th Street, Apartment 14-G-E, New York, 
New York 10065. I asked the Doom1an to call the apartment of Sarah Kellen a/Ida Sarah 
Bonk, via the lobby phone. The Doonnan claimed that Sarah Kellen a/k/a Sarah Bonk is 
not home. I was unable to affix the aforementioned papers on the apmiment door of the 
defendant because the Doonnan would not allow me access to the building. 
That on the 25th day of April, 2009, at approximately 10:30 a.m., deponent served 
a true copy of the Summons in a Civil Action and Complaint upon Sarah Kellen a/Ida 
Sarah Bonk at 301 East 66th Str·eet, Apmiment 14-G-E, New York, New York 10065 by 
personally delivering and leaving the same with Hector "Doe", Doonnan, who is a person 
of suitable age and discretion, at that address, the actrral place of residence of the 
defendant. 
Hector "Doe" is an olive-skinned Hispanic male, approximately 50 years of age, is 
approximately 5 feet and 8 inches tall, weighs approximately 130 pounds, with silver hair 
and dark eyes. 
That on the 29th day of April, 2009, in accordance with the New York State Civil 
Practice Law and Rules, Section 308(4), and the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 
4(e)(l), copies of which are annexed, deponent served another copy of the foregoing upon 
the defendant by enclosing a hue copy thereof in a securely sealed and postpaid wrapper 
with the words "PERSONAL and CONFIDENTIAL" written on the same, and not 
indicating on the outside that it is from an attorney, or concerns a legal matter, and 
depositing the same into an official depository maintained by the Government of the 
United States, City and State of New York, addressed as follows: 
Sarah Kellen a/k/a Sarah Bonk 
301 East 66th Street, Apartment 14-G-E 
New York, New York 10065 
Sworn to before me this 
29th day of April, 2009 
NOTA 
OFN WYORK 
Reg.N 
rk County 
Commission expires Fe~..,,,_,_., 010 
(2) 
PH SANCHEZ #1155200 

Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM   Document 37-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 06/12/2009   Page 3 of 3
Rule 4 
RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE 
(1) A summons shall be served together with a 
copy of the complaint. The plaintiff is responsible 
for service of a summons and complaint within the 
time allowed under subdivision (m) and shall furnish 
the person effecting service with the necessary cop-
ies of the summons and complaint. 
(2) Service may be effected by any person who is 
not a party and who is at least 18 years of age. At 
the request of the plaintiff, however, the court may 
direct that service be effected by a United States 
marshal, deputy United States marshal, or other 
person or officer specially appointed by the court 
for that purpose. Such an appointment must be 
made when the plaintiff is authorized to proceed in 
forma pauperis pmsuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1915 or is 
authorized to proceed as a seaman under 28 U.S.C. 
§ 1916. 
(d) Waiver of Service; Duty to Save Costs of 
Service; Request to Waive. 
(1) A defendant who waives service of a sum-
mons does not thereby waive any objection to the 
•• venue or to the jurisdiction of the court over the 
~ person of the defendant. 
:;. 
~ 
(2) An individual, corporation, or association that 
; is subject to service under subdivision (e), (f), or (h) 
and that receives notice of an action in the manner 
provided in this paragraph has a duty to avoid 
unnecessary costs of serving the summons. 
To 
avoid costs, the plaintiff may notify such a defen-
dant of the commencement of the action and re-
quest that the defendant waive service of a sum-
mons. The notice and request 
(A) shall be in writing and shall be addressed 
directly to the defendant, if an individual, or else 
to an officer or managing or general agent (or 
other agent authorized by appointment or law to 
receive service of process) of a defendant subject 
to service under subdivision 01); 
(B) shall be dispatched through first-class mail 
or other reliable me,i.ns; 
(C) shall be accompanied by a copy of the 
complaint and shall identify the comi; in which it 
has been filed; 
(D) shall infmm the defendant, by means of a 
text prescribed in an official form promulgated 
pmsuant to Rule 84, of the consequences of com-
pliance and of a failm·e to comply with the re-
quest; 
(E) shall set forth the date on which the re-
quest is sent; 
(F) shall allow the defendant a reasonable time 
to return the waiver, which shall be at least 30 
days from the date on which the request is sent, 
or 60 days from that date if the defendant is 
addressed outside any judicial district of the Unit-
ed States; and 
(G) shall provide the defendant with an extra 
copy of the notice and request, as well as a 
prepaid means of compliance in writing. 
If a defendant located within the United States fails 
to comply with a request for waiver made by a 
plaintiff located within the United States, the comt 
shall impose the costs subsequently incurred in 
effecting service on the defendant unless good cause 
for the failure be shown. 
(3) A defendant that, before being served with 
process, timely retmns a waiver so requested is not 
required to serve an answer to the complaint until 
60 days after the date on which the request for 
waiver of service was sent, or 90 days after that 
date if the defendant was addressed outside any 
judicial district of the United States. 
(4) When the plaintiff files a waiver of service 
with the comio, the action shall proceed, except as 
provided in paragraph (3), as if a summons and 
complaint had been sei~ed at the time of filing the 
waiver, and no proof of service shall be required. 
(5) The costs to be imposed on a defendant under 
paragraph (2) for failure to comply with a request to 
waive service of a summons shall include the costs 
subsequently lincun·ed in effecting service under 
subdivision (er, (f), or (h), together with the costs, 
including a reasonable attorney's fee, of any motion 
required to collect the costs of service. 
(e) Service Upon Individuals Within a Judicial 
District of the United States. 
Unless otherwise 
provided by federal law, service upon an individual 
from whom a waiver has not been obtained and filed, 
other than an infant or an incompetent person, may be 
effected in any judicial district of the United States: 
(1) pursuant to the law of the state in which the 
district comio is located, or in which service is 
effected, for the service of a summons upon the 
defendant in an action brought in the comios of 
general jurisdiction of the State; or 
(2) by delivering a copy of the summons and of 
the complaint to the individual personally or by 
leaving copies thereof at the individual's dwelling 
house or usual place of abode with some person of 
suitable age and discretion then residing therein or 
by delivering a copy of the summons and of the 
complaint to an agent authorized by appointment or 
by law to receive service of process. 
(D Service Upon Individuals in a Foreign Coun-
try. Unless otherwise provided by federal law, ser-
vice upon an individual from whom a waiver has not 
been obtained and filed, other than an infant or an 
incompetent person, may be effected in a place not 
within any judicial district of the United States: 
(1) by any internationally agreed means reason-
ably calculated to give notice, such as those means 
Complete Annotation Materials, see Title 28 U.S.C.A. 
38 
