METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Doe v. Epstein, No. 908-cv-80069 (S.D. Fla. 2008)
METADATA_FILENAME: 007.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
 
CASE NO.: 08-80069-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
 
JANE DOE NO. 1, by and through  
JANE DOE’s FATHER as parent and natural  
guardian, and JANE DOE’s FATHER, and 
JANE DOE’s STEPMOTHER, individually, 
 
Plaintiffs, 
vs. 
 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,  
 
Defendant. 
____________________________________/ 
 
PLAINTIFFS’ MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN OPPOSITION  
TO MOTION TO STAY PROCEEDINGS PENDING  
JANE DOE NO. 1 REACHING AGE OF MAJORITY 
 
 
Plaintiffs, Jane Doe No. 1, by and through Jane Doe’s Father as parent and natural guardian, 
and Jane Doe’s Father and Jane Doe’s Stepmother, individually, submit this Memorandum of Law in 
Opposition to Motion to Stay Proceedings Pending Jane Doe No. 1 Reaching Age of Majority, as 
follows:  
I. 
Introduction 
 
This action alleges the sexual assault of  Plaintiff Jane Doe No. 1 (“Jane Doe”) by the 
Defendant when she was 14 years old.  The Motion to Stay Proceedings filed by Jane Doe’s Mother 
is without basis and should be stricken or denied for the following reasons: 
1. 
It fails to include or be accompanied by a memorandum of law, in violation of 
S.D.Fla.L.R. 7.1(A)(1).  This failure is particularly glaring here, as there is no obvious or apparent 
legal basis for the stay sought by Jane Doe’s Mother, and in preparing this Memorandum of Law in 
Opposition, Plaintiff is left to guess at the authorities relied upon by Jane Doe’s Mother.  
Herman & Mermelstein, P. A.                                                                              www.hermanlaw.com 
- 1 - 
Case 9:08-cv-80069-KAM   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 02/13/2008   Page 1 of 5

2. 
The Motion to Stay was not served on all parties as shown on the Motion’s Certificate 
of Service.  Only Plaintiff’s counsel was served with the Motion.   As a result, notice of the relief 
sought by Jane Doe’s Mother is fatally defective.  
3. 
Jane Doe’s Father, by Court Order, was awarded full custody of the Minor Plaintiff, 
and is thus her sole natural guardian.  Jane Doe’s Mother is not Jane Doe’s natural guardian under 
Florida law, and thus has no standing to seek a stay of this action on behalf of Jane Doe.  
4. 
A stay would serve no constructive purpose or function in this litigation, but would 
only unnecessarily delay this case.  
 
Based on any or all of the foregoing grounds, as further discussed below, the Motion to Stay 
should be denied.  
II. 
Argument 
THE MOTION TO STAY IS PROCEDURALLY  
AND SUBSTANTIVELY DEFECTIVE 
A. 
The Motion to Stay Violates the Local Rules  
 
and Was Served Without Sufficient Notice 
 
 
Under S.D.Fla.L.R. 7.1(A)(1), “[e]very motion when filed shall include or be accompanied 
by a memorandum of law citing supporting authorities. . . .”1  No such memorandum of law was 
filed with the Motion to Stay.  Plaintiff is prejudiced by this omission because he has had no notice 
of what authorities  Jane Doe’s Mother relies upon for the relief sought in her Motion.  As a result, 
the Motion to Stay is defective and should be stricken.  
 
The Motion to Stay also raises due process concerns because it was not served on all parties  
according to the Certificate of Service accompanying the Motion.  The Defendant has not yet filed 
an appearance in the case, and his response to the Complaint is not yet due.  The Motion to Stay is 
                                                 
1 The stated exceptions to Rule 7.1(A)(1) are inapplicable here. 
Herman & Mermelstein, P. A.                                                                              www.hermanlaw.com 
- 2 - 
Case 9:08-cv-80069-KAM   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 02/13/2008   Page 2 of 5

therefore premature and defective for lack of notice.  
B. 
Jane Doe’s Mother is Not Jane Doe’s Natural Guardian, and  
 
Therefore Has No Standing to Seek a Stay on Her Behalf 
 
 
The Motion to Stay and supporting Affidavit of Jane Doe’s Mother contain the following 
false and misleading statements:  
a. “Jane Doe No. 1 is a minor child . . . who is under the joint 
control of her parents and natural guardians, Jane Doe’s Father 
and Jane Doe’s Mother, who are divorced.”  (Motion to Stay 
Proceedings, ¶ 1) (emphasis supplied).  
 
b. “I am the mother and natural guardian for Jane Doe No. 1. . . .”  
(Affidavit of Dawn LaVogue Sandberg, Exh. “A” to Motion to Stay, 
¶ 1) (emphasis supplied).  
 
 
Jane Doe’s Mother does not have “joint control” or legal custody of Jane Doe, and is not her 
natural guardian under Florida law.  Jane Doe’s Mother and Jane Doe’s Father entered into a 
Custodial Parent Modification dated March 28, 2006.  This Modification was granted by Court 
Order dated April 25, 2006.  (A copy of the Custodial Parent Modification and the Order Granting 
Custodial Parent Modification are attached hereto as Composite Exhibit “A”).2  The Custodial 
Parent Modification states as follows: “Full Parental Custody of both minor children shall be 
granted to former husband [Jane Does’ Father].” (Custodial Parent Modification, ¶ 3) (emphasis 
supplied). 
 
Under Florida statutory law, in the case of a dissolved marriage, only the parent awarded 
custody can be the natural guardian of the minor child: “If the marriage between the parents is 
dissolved, the natural guardianship belongs to the parent to whom custody of the child is 
awarded.”  §744.301(1), Fla. Stat. (emphasis supplied).  It is therefore abundantly clear that Jane 
                                                                                                                                                             
  
2  The names of Jane Doe and Jane Doe’s Father are redacted from Exhibit “A” hereto to protect the 
Minor Plaintiff’s anonymity. (See Complaint ¶ 4).  
Herman & Mermelstein, P. A.                                                                              www.hermanlaw.com 
- 3 - 
Case 9:08-cv-80069-KAM   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 02/13/2008   Page 3 of 5

Doe’s Father, as the custodial parent, is the natural guardian, and the only natural guardian, of Jane 
Doe.  As the natural guardian, Jane Doe’s Father may sue on behalf of Jane Doe.  See Fed.R.Civ.P. 
17(b) (providing that capacity to sue or be sued shall be determined by the law of the state in which 
the district court is held).  Because Jane Doe’s Father, as her natural guardian, represents her 
interests in this lawsuit, there is no legal basis for Jane Doe’s Mother to assert the right to represent 
Jane Doe. Jane Doe’s Mother lacks standing to seek a stay or other relief from this Court on behalf 
of Jane Doe. 
C. 
There Is No Legal Basis for a Stay 
 
A stay of proceedings may be appropriate in a situation where it will avoid piecemeal 
litigation, conserve judicial resources, aid in the comprehensive disposition of the litigation, or serve 
as a means of controlling the district court’s docket.  See American Manufacturers Mutual Ins. Co. 
v. Edward D. Stone Jr. & Assoc., 743 F.2d 1519 (11th Cir. 1984).  For example, a stay may be 
considered in a case where there is another pending lawsuit or administrative proceeding addressing 
the identical issues.  See Ortega Trujillo v. Conver & Co. Communications, Inc., 225 F.3d 1262 
(11th Cir. 2000).  Even then, a case in federal court should not be stayed absent “exceptional 
circumstances.”  American Manufacturers, 743 F.2d at 1524-1525.  Here, the only conceivable 
purpose that would be served by a stay is delay, which would be to Jane Doe’s prejudice.  A stay 
would not be in the interests of judicial economy and efficiency, and would not aid in a resolution of 
this litigation.  Because there is no legitimate argument for a stay in this case, the Motion should be 
denied.  
Herman & Mermelstein, P. A.                                                                              www.hermanlaw.com 
- 4 - 
Case 9:08-cv-80069-KAM   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 02/13/2008   Page 4 of 5

III. 
Conclusion 
 
Based on the foregoing, the Motion to Stay is defective, deficient and meritless.  Denial of 
the Motion is appropriate on multiple, alternative grounds.  Plaintiffs therefore respectfully request 
that the Motion to Stay be denied.  
Dated: February 13, 2008 
 
 
 
Respectfully submitted, 
 
By:            s/ Jeffrey M. Herman  ________          .
Jeffrey M. Herman (FL Bar No. 521647) 
jherman@hermanlaw.com  
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
smermelstein@hermanlaw.com  
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980) 
ahorowitz@hermanlaw.com
HERMAN & MERMELSTEIN, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs Jane Doe et al. 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida  33160 
Tel:  305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
 
 
I hereby certify that on February 13, 2008,  I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on the following, via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF: 
Theodore Jon Leopold                                             
tleopold@riccilaw.com  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             /s/ Jeffrey M.  Herman          . 
 
Herman & Mermelstein, P. A.                                                                              www.hermanlaw.com 
- 5 - 
Case 9:08-cv-80069-KAM   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 02/13/2008   Page 5 of 5
