METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Operating Engineers Construction Industry and Miscellaneous Pension Fund v. Dimon, No. 123-cv-03903 (S.D.N.Y. 2023)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 16     Filed 06/27/23     Page 1 of 3
Revised Form D-For cases assigned to Judge Rak:off 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
OPERATING ENGINEERS 
CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY AND 
MISCELLANEOUS PENSION FUND, 
Plaintiff, 
-v-
JAMES DIMON, ASHLEY BACON, 
LINDA B. BAMMANN, JAMES A. BELL, 
JOHN H. BIGGS, CRANDALL C. 
BOWLES, STEPHEN B. BURKE, TODD 
A. COMBS, DAVID M. COTE, JAMES S. 
CROWN, MARY C. ERDOES, TIMOTHY 
P. FLYNN, ELLEN V. FUTTER, 
MELLO DY HOBSON, JOHN J. HOGAN, 
LABAN P. JACKSON, JR., JOHN W. 
KESSLER, ROBERT I. LIPP, RICHARD A. 
MANOOGIAN, MICHAEL A. NEAL, 
DAVID C. NOVAK, LEER. RAYMOND, 
JAMES E. STALEY, WILLIAM C. 
WELDON, and BARRY L. ZUBROW, 
Defendants, 
and 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO., 
Nominal Defendant. 
Effective September 10, 2010 
CIVIL CASE MANAGEMENT PLAN 
(JUDGE RAKOFF) 
1 :23 Civ. 03903 (JSR) 
This Court requires that this case shall be ready for trial on 
January 19, 2024. 
After consultation with counsel for the parties, the following Case Management Plan is adopted. 
This plan is also a scheduling order pursuant to Rules 16 and 26(f) of the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure. 
A. 
The case (is) @to be tried to a jury. 
B. 
Joinder of additional parties must be accomplished by July 14, 2023. 

Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 16     Filed 06/27/23     Page 2 of 3
C. 
D. 
E. 
Amended pleadings may be filed without leave of Court until July 14, 2023. 
Defenda ·sn~e any motion w1tismi 
apers by July 1 !.,26'23~ntiffsh~y 
its O ositisif'by July 28, 20~Def.@ aants shall file t~ep~ Augus;.-r,2~ 
Nominal Defendant JPMorgan Chase & Co. ("JPMorgan") shall exercise best efforts to 
complete production of categories of documents agreed upon by the Parties by July 7, 
2023. Defendants will not produce or participate in any fu~very until the Court 
issues a ruling on Defendants' motion to dismiss.,o-it. A 
'3 .> 1- o ~:3. 
F. 
T..e--tbe..e:...tetlt tbs: Ceui'i>tkres not mclude in the approved Case Management Phtt1 itenrD 
abQ.lle (mhich provides for limited diseovety of-agteed upon categories of-documents penoinga 
ruUi.:ig oi.:i Defenaattts' ftl:oti~ di--rois~, ~covery shall proceed as follows (in addition to the 
disclosures required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)). OHterwise, a case management confere~l 
be--ssh@dul@d..w.i!hi~he_Gourf.sn,ding en Defemfaats' motion te dismiss to-'S'et 
ad~ 
1. 
Documents. First request for production of documents, if any, must be served by 
July 21, 2023. Further document requests may be served as required, but no document 
request may be served later than 30 days prior to the date of the close of discovery as set 
forth in item 6 below. 
~ 
'i. ~> ~CJ23 
2. 
Interrogatories. Interrogatories pursuant to Rule 33.3(a) of the Local ivil Rules 
of the Southern District of New York must be served by ~~~~~~JI No other 
interrogatories are permitted except upon prior express permission of Judge Rakoff. 
No Rule 33.3(a) interrogatories need be served with respect to disclosures automatically 
required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a). 
3. 
Experts. Every party-proponent of a claim (including any counterclaim, cross-
claim, or third-party claim) that intends to offer expert testimony in respect of such claim 
must make the disclosures required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2) by October 25, 2023. 
Every party-opponent of such claim that intends to offer expert testimony in opposition to 
such claim must make the disclosures required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2) by November 
8, 2023. No expert testimony (whether designated as "rebuttal" or otherwise) will be 
permitted by other experts or beyond the scope of the opinions covered by the aforesaid 
disclosures except upon prior express permission of the Court, application for which must 
be made no later than 10 days after the date specified in the immediately preceding 
sentence. All experts may be deposed, but such depositions must occur within the time 
limit for all depositions set forth below. 
4. 
Depositions. All depositions (including any expert depositions, see item 3 above) 
must be completed by November 22, 2023. Unless counsel agree otherwise or the Court 
so orders, depositions shall not commence until all parties have completed the initial 
disclosures required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(l) or until four weeks from the date of this 
Order, whichever is earlier. Depositions shall proceed concurrently, with no party having 
priority, and no deposition shall extend beyond one business day without prior leave of 
the Court. 

Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 16     Filed 06/27/23     Page 3 of 3
5. 
Requests to Admit. Requests to Admit, if any, must be served by October 20, 
2023. 
6. 
All discovery is to be completed by November 22, 2023. Interim deadlines for 
items 1-5 above may be extended by the parties on consent without application to the 
Court, provided the parties are certain they can still meet the discovery completion date 
set forth in this paragraph. The discovery completion date may be adjourned only upon a 
showing to the Court of extraordinary circumstances, and may not be extended on 
consent. 
G. 
Post-discovery summary judgment motions in the form prescribed by the Court's 
Individual Rules of Practice may be brought on without further consultation with the Court 
provided that a Notice of any such motion, in the form specified in the Court's Individual Rules 
of Practice, is filed no later than one week following the close-of-discovery date (item F-6 
above) and provided that the moving papers are served by November 29, 2023, answering papers 
by December 20, 2023, and reply papers by January 5, 2024. Each party must file its respective 
papers with the Clerk of the Court on the same date that such papers are served. Additionally, on 
the same date that any papers are served and filed, counsel filing and serving the papers must 
arrange to deliver courtesy non-electronic hard copies to the Courthouse for delivery to 
Chambers. 
H. 
A final pre-trial conference, as well a~ oral argument on any post-discovery summary 
judgment motions, shall be held on 
/ 
3-
+\ , at which time the Court shall set a 
firm trial date. The timing and other re uirements for the Joint Pretrial Order and/or other pre-
trial submissions shall be governed by the Court's Individual Rules of Practice. 
I. 
All motions and applications shall be governed by Judge Rakoffs Individual Rules of 
Practice. Counsel shall promptly familiarize themselves with all of the Court's Individual Rules, 
as well as with the Local Rules for the United States District Court for the Southern District of 
New York. 
SO ORDERED. 
U.S.D.J. 
DATED: NewYork,p,w~ 
~ ) ;;iz 
