METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\United States v. Noel, No. 119-cr-00830 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 013-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
 
 
 
x 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
 
       -v.- 
 
TOVA NOEL and 
MICHAEL THOMAS, 
 
                Defendants.   
 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 
: 
 
: 
 
: 
 
: 
 
:   
x 
 
PROTECTIVE ORDER 
  
19 Cr. 830 (AT) 
 
   
On the motion of the United States of America, by the United 
States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Geoffrey S. 
Berman, by Assistant United States Attorneys Rebekah Donaleski, 
Nicolas Roos, and Jessica Lonergan; and with the consent of TOVA 
NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, by and through their 
respective counsel of record: 
 
WHEREAS, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, have 
certain rights under the United States Constitution, federal 
statutes, and the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, to pretrial 
discovery;  
WHEREAS, the Government recognizes its obligation to provide 
such discovery materials to the defendants, consistent with the 
need to protect the confidentiality of ongoing investigations and 
the confidentiality interests of others; 
WHEREAS, the discovery that the Government intends to provide 
to the defendants contain materials that, if disseminated to third 
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT     Document 13-1     Filed 12/16/19     Page 1 of 5

parties, could, among other things, impede ongoing investigations 
and implicate the privacy and confidentiality interests of third 
parties; 
WHEREAS, the Government has demonstrated good cause for the 
relief set forth herein; 
WHEREAS, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, by and 
through their respective counsel of record, consent to the entry 
of this Order;  
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, pursuant to Federal 
Rule of Criminal Procedure 16(d):  
1. 
Discovery materials designated as “Protected Materials” 
by the Government may be used by the defendants, their respective 
counsel of record, and their respective counsel of record’s agents 
(collectively, the “Defense”) only for purposes of defending the 
charges, in connection with any sentencing, and pursuing any 
appeals, in relation to this criminal action.   
2. 
The Protected Materials and the information contained or 
disclosed therein:  
a. 
Shall not be disclosed in any form by the Defense 
to any third party except as set forth in paragraphs 2(b), 3, and 
4 below; 
b. 
May be disclosed to third parties only by the 
defendants’ respective counsel of record and only to the following 
persons (collectively, “Designated Persons”): 
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT     Document 13-1     Filed 12/16/19     Page 2 of 5

i. 
investigative, 
secretarial, 
clerical, 
paralegal and student personnel employed full-time or part-time by 
the defendants’ respective counsel of record and who are actually 
participating in the legal defense of this action; 
ii. independent 
expert 
witnesses, 
jury 
consultants, document hosting personnel, or investigators retained 
by the defendants in connection with this action;  
iii. such other persons as hereafter may be 
authorized by the Court upon a motion by the defendants; and 
iv. Shall 
be destroyed 
or returned 
to the 
Government following the conclusion of this case, including after 
any appeals. 
3. 
The Defense may show (but not otherwise provide) the 
Protected 
Materials 
to 
fact 
witnesses 
(“Fact 
Witnesses”) 
interviewed by the defendants’ respective counsel of record or by 
the Designated Persons in the course of investigating this action.  
4. 
The Defense shall provide a copy of this Order to 
Designated Persons to whom materials subject to the protections of 
this Order are disclosed pursuant to paragraph 2(b), or Fact 
Witnesses to whom materials subject to the protections of this 
Order are shown pursuant to paragraph (3).  Designated Persons and 
Fact Witnesses shall be subject to the terms of this Order. 
5. 
With respect to any discovery material designated as 
Protected Materials that the Defense intends to file publicly or 
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT     Document 13-1     Filed 12/16/19     Page 3 of 5

to specifically describe in a public filing, the defendant making 
the filing must either (i) file the discovery material under seal, 
or (ii) provide reasonable notice to the Government to permit the 
parties to confer on the proper treatment of the discovery 
material.  If the parties are unable to reach agreement as to 
whether redactions to the public filings are warranted, or to the 
extent of such redactions, the parties will seek Court resolution 
before the document is publicly filed or specifically described in 
a public filing.   
 
 
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT     Document 13-1     Filed 12/16/19     Page 4 of 5

6.  Any disputes regarding the designation of discovery 
material as Protected Materials, or any other dispute concerning 
this Order, which cannot be resolved among the parties, will be 
brought to the Court for a ruling before any public disclosure not 
permitted by this Order is made.    
Dated: 
New York, New York  
 
 
 
 
December __, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SO ORDERED: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE HONORABLE ANALISA TORRES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT     Document 13-1     Filed 12/16/19     Page 5 of 5
