METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. United States, No. 24-1073 (U.S. 2025) (petition for cert.)
METADATA_FILENAME: 20250728111721067_24-1073ReplyInSupportOfPetitionForWritOfCertiorari.pdf
----------------------------------------
No. 24-1073 
WILSON-EPES PRINTING CO., INC.   –   (202) 789-0096   –   WASHINGTON, D.C. 20002 
IN THE 
Supreme Court of the United States 
———— 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, AKA SEALED DEFENDANT 1, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
———— 
On Petition for Writ of Certiorari to the 
United States Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit 
———— 
REPLY IN SUPPORT OF  
PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI 
———— 
 
DAVID OSCAR MARKUS 
Counsel of Record 
MONA MARKUS 
MARKUS/MOSS PLLC 
40 N.W. Third Street 
Penthouse One 
Miami, FL 33128 
(305) 379-6667 
dmarkus@markuslaw.com 
Counsel for Petitioner 
July 28, 2025 

(i) 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES ................................ 
ii 
REASONS FOR GRANTING THE PETITION .... 
1 
I. 
The government concedes that the 
circuits are split as to whether a promise 
on behalf of the “United States” by a 
United States Attorney’s office in one 
district is binding upon other districts. ... 
2 
II. 
The Second Circuit’s decision below is 
wrong and violates the principles set 
forth in this Court’s prior opinions. ......... 
4 
III. This case is an ideal vehicle for resolving 
the split over this important and 
recurring question. ................................... 
11 
CONCLUSION .................................................... 
11 
 

ii 
 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
CASES 
Page(s) 
Prisco v. United States,  
562 U.S. 1290 (2011), No. 10-7895 ........... 
2 
Santobello v. New York,  
404 U.S. 257 (1971) ................................... 
4, 6 
Thomas v. INS,  
35 F.3d 1332 (9th Cir. 1994) ..................... 
2 
United States v. Andreas,  
216 F.3d 645 (7th Cir. 2000) ..................... 
10 
United States v. Annabi,  
771 F.2d 670 (2d Cir. 1985) ...................... 
3 
United States v. Carmichael,  
216 F.3d 224 (2d Cir. 2000) ...................... 
6 
United States v. Florida West Int’l Airways,  
853 F.Supp.2d 1209 (S.D. Fla. 2012) ....... 
10 
United States v. Johnston,  
199 F.3d 1015 (9th Cir. 1999) ................... 
2 
United States v. Maxwell,  
118 F.4th 256 (2d. Cir. 2024) .................... 
2 
OTHER AUTHORITIES 
 
Antonin Scalia & Bryan A. Garner, 
Reading Law: The Interpretation of 
Legal Texts (2012) .................................... 
5 

REASONS FOR GRANTING THE PETITION 
This case presents a straightforward and important 
question about the government’s obligation to honor 
its promises in plea and non-prosecution agreements. 
The petition asks whether a U.S. Attorney’s promise 
made on behalf of “the United States” binds the entire 
United States. The government’s Brief in Opposition 
only underscores the importance of this question.  
Most significantly, the government concedes a 
circuit split on this issue, effectively admitting that 
defendants’ rights hinge on the happenstance of 
geography. Opp.13. Such an acknowledged conflict 
among the circuits demands this Court’s intervention.  
Rather than grapple with the core principles of plea 
agreements, the government tries to distract by 
reciting a lurid and irrelevant account of Jeffrey 
Epstein’s misconduct. But this case is about what the 
government promised, not what Epstein did. 
Even more remarkably, the government advances an 
interpretation of its non-prosecution agreement that 
flips its plain meaning on its head. Promising “not to 
prosecute” somehow meant preserving the right to 
prosecute. That is not contract interpretation; it is 
alchemy. Plea agreements are supposed to be strictly 
construed against the government, yet here the 
government isn’t even asking for the benefit of the 
doubt; it is asking for a blank check to rewrite its own 
promise after the fact. The government’s only real 
argument is that the Second Circuit rule is correct on 
the merits while the other circuits have it wrong. We 
obviously disagree, but regardless, the Court should 
grant certiorari so that all circuits employ that same rule. 
 

2 
This circuit split presents an exceptionally important 
question. Plea and non-prosecution agreements resolve 
nearly every federal case. They routinely include 
promises that extend to others—co-conspirators, family 
members, potential witnesses. If those promises mean 
different things in different parts of the country, then 
trust in our system collapses. The Court should grant 
certiorari and restore consistency, and credibility, to 
the government’s word. 
I. The government concedes that the circuits 
are split as to whether a promise on behalf 
of the “United States” by a United States 
Attorney’s office in one district is binding 
upon other districts.  
The government (like the Second Circuit in the 
opinion below) agrees that there is a clear circuit split 
on the precise question posed by this Petition. Opp.13;1 
United States v. Maxwell, 118 F.4th 256, 263 n.11 
(2d. Cir. 2024) (“recogniz[ing] that circuits have been 
split on this issue for decades.”). As the Second Circuit 
noted, this conflict is well-documented and longstanding. 
Indeed, the government points out that litigants have 
sought the Court’s clarification of this issue at least 
as far back as 2011, when this Court denied certiorari 
in Prisco v. United States, 562 U.S. 1290 (2011), No. 
10-7895. 
 
1 The United States argues that the split is 3-2 in favor of 
Petitioner, not 4-2, claiming that that the “Ninth Circuit has not 
expressly addressed the matter at issue here.” Opp.13. While not 
express, the Ninth Circuit is pretty clear that it agrees with 
Petitioner’s position, holding that a U.S. Attorney can bind other 
districts and agencies, Thomas v. INS, 35 F.3d 1332 (9th Cir. 
1994), and when in doubt, “the government must bear respon-
sibility for any lack of clarity in those terms,” United States v. 
Johnston, 199 F.3d 1015, 1020 (9th Cir. 1999). 

3 
The government seeks to minimize the split as of 
“limited importance” because “the scope of a plea or 
similar agreement is under the control of the parties 
to the agreement.” Opp.14. This turns a blind eye 
to the problem. The very premise of Petitioner’s 
argument is that the parties to the NPA did seek to 
control the scope of the relevant clauses by narrowing 
the scope of immunity for Epstein through the use of 
narrow language specifying enforceability only in the 
Southern District of Florida, and then expanding the 
scope of it as to his co-conspirators by using the broad 
term “the United States.” (App. 30-31). While doing so, 
Epstein’s lawyers were no doubt informed by how that 
language was interpreted in the jurisdiction in which 
they were practicing.  
Yet by definition, the issue presented in this case 
and every other like it only arises when the language 
in question is being interpreted in a different 
jurisdiction than the one where the agreement was 
negotiated. Accordingly, uniformity in interpretation 
of such a provision is unusually and particularly 
compelling. The very nature of a clause of this nature 
(unlike most other clauses in an agreement, which are 
not cross-jurisdictional in nature) cries out for 
nationwide symmetry. 
The government also contends, rather bizarrely, that 
“this is not itself a case that turns on any default rule.” 
Opp.14. To the contrary, it is precisely the Second 
Circuit’s default rule, adopted in United States v. 
Annabi, 771 F.2d 670 (2d Cir. 1985), that doomed 
Petitioner to stand trial on a case that would have been 
dismissed outright in at least half the country. The 
primary reason this Court should grant certiorari is to 
create one single default rule across the country as to 

4 
what parties mean when they use the term “the 
United States” without further qualification. 
II. The Second Circuit’s decision below is wrong 
and violates the principles set forth in this 
Court’s prior opinions.  
In attempting to defend the Second Circuit’s out-
come, the government advances a series of contentions 
about the Epstein NPA’s scope, the U.S. Attorney’s 
authority, contract law doctrines, and canons of con-
struction. Each lacks merit. 
As the government acknowledges, Opp.8, the start-
ing point in any contract is the text. Here, the text 
could not be more clear. In exchange for Epstein’s 
guilty plea and other penalties and concessions, 
“the United States also agrees that it will not 
institute any criminal charges against any potential 
co-conspirators of Epstein, including but not limited 
to [four names].” (emphasis added).  
This promise is unqualified. It is not geographically 
limited to the Southern District of Florida, it is not 
conditioned on the co-conspirators being known by the 
government at the time, it does not depend on what 
any particular government attorney may have had in 
his or her head about who might be a co-conspirator, 
and it contains no other caveat or exception. This 
should be the end of the discussion. See Santobello v. 
New York, 404 U.S. 257 (1971) (“[W]hen a plea rests in 
any significant degree on a promise or agreement of 
the prosecutor, so that it can be said to be part of the 
inducement or consideration, such promise must be 
fulfilled.”) (ignored by the government in its opposition). 
The government seeks to evade this straightforward 
language by focusing on other clauses in the NPA and 
on extrinsic context, Opp.8-10, but its efforts only 

5 
underscore that the plain meaning favors Petitioner. 
First, the government notes (as did the Second Circuit) 
that the NPA explicitly limited Epstein’s own immunity 
to the Southern District of Florida, pointing to a clause 
stating that after Epstein fulfilled the agreement, “no 
prosecution for the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2 of 
this Agreement… will be instituted in this District.” 
(App. 26a). The government then urges the Court to 
follow it through the looking glass, offering the 
inexplicable suggestion that the absence of a similar 
“in this District” qualifier in the co-conspirator clause 
should be ignored as immaterial. Opp.9.  
Of course, basic interpretive canons point in exactly 
the opposite direction. When parties include an 
express territorial limitation in one clause of a 
contract and omit it in another, the omission must be 
presumed intentional. Antonin Scalia & Bryan A. 
Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal 
Texts (2012). As Justice Scalia and Bryan Garner have 
explained, “a material variation in terms suggests a 
variation in meaning.” Id. at 170. Here, the drafters 
knew how to confine the promise to a single district – 
they did so for Epstein’s personal non-prosecution 
assurance. Yet when it came to Epstein’s “potential  
co-conspirators,” the drafters chose broad, unqualified 
language. In fact, not only did the parties use an 
unrestricted jurisdictional clause for the co-conspirators, 
they amended the document from a previous draft in 
which the co-conspirator immunity was limited to the 
Southern District of Florida, changing it to refer more 
broadly to the “United States.” (Pet. 3; App. 95, 108-126).  
The government’s interpretation cannot be correct 
because it would render superfluous the phrase 
“in this District” in the Epstein clause. If the “United 
States” means just the Southern District of Florida, 

6 
why specify the district for Epstein? The only logical 
inference is that the co-conspirator promise was 
meant to reach more broadly, in line with its different 
phrasing.2 At the very least there is a textual ambi-
guity, and under Santobello and the contract inter-
pretation principle contra proferentum, such ambigu-
ity must be construed against the government as 
the drafter and promisor. See, e.g., United States v. 
Carmichael, 216 F.3d 224 (2d Cir. 2000) (“[W]e 
‘construe plea agreements strictly against the Govern-
ment.’”) (internal citation omitted); OPR report 
(“OPR”) at 80, 166 (confirming that AUSA wrote the 
specific language in question). Under any normal 
reading of this contract, then, no federal charges can 
be brought against any co-conspirator in any district 
in the United States. 
Reading the NPA “as a whole” means giving effect to 
the deliberate difference in phrasing between the 
Epstein-focused clause and the co-conspirator clause.3 
 
2 It is not, as the government contends, “extremely strange” for 
Epstein to have secured broader immunity for his co-conspirators 
than he was getting for himself, Opp.9. Defendants always try to 
get as many benefits in a plea agreement as they can – here, 
Epstein was able to obtain an additional benefit for his co-
conspirators that he was unable to secure for himself, no doubt 
because the government attorneys “wouldn’t have been interested 
in prosecuting anyone else.” OPR:70; see also OPR:80, 168. 
Epstein “wanted to make sure that he’s the only one who takes 
the blame for what happened.” OPR:167 (internal quotation 
omitted). In addition, Epstein was concerned that if a co-conspirator 
was charged elsewhere, he might be called to testify, opening him 
up to potential charges in a different part of the country. This was 
antithetical to the global resolution Epstein sought. 
3 The government is right about one thing: the scope of a 
particular agreement is under the control of the parties. Opp.14. 
As the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers observes 
in its amicus brief, federal prosecutors know well how to draft 

7 
It means recognizing that when the parties intended 
to mean “only in the Southern District of Florida,” 
they said so explicitly, and that their use of the 
all-encompassing term “the United States” in the 
co-conspirator clause was purposeful.  
The government’s invocation of “context” and the 
purported purpose of the NPA is no more persuasive. 
The government suggests that a broad grant of 
immunity cannot have been made because there 
was no consultation with the Southern District of 
New York. Opp.10. The record does not permit such a 
conclusion, as the district court denied a hearing and 
the Petitioner was not granted any discovery, so there 
is no way to confirm who was consulted. But the record 
is clear in any event that the NPA was signed on behalf 
of the United States Attorney for the Southern District 
of Florida, who was heavily involved in the negotiation 
and approval process. In addition, representatives of 
the Department of Justice were also actively involved 
in the drafting and approval process, including the 
Chief of the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section 
and the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General 
for the Department’s Criminal Division. OPR:27, 28, 84. 
If these officials failed to do what their internal 
policy suggested was appropriate, it is irrelevant. The 
provision in the U.S. Attorneys’ Manual advising U.S. 
Attorneys not to bind other districts was relevant in 
OPR’s review of the government attorneys’ actions 
in this case. It does not inform the outcome here, 
however, despite the government’s heavy reliance on it 
 
agreements to limit their scope when that is what they intend, 
and the burden is on them to be specific. When they decline to use 
simple narrowing terms, this Court should make clear that the 
broad language they use will be given its ordinary meaning. 

8 
throughout its brief. What a prosecutor should have 
done is not relevant; whether or not the Southern 
District of Florida should have prohibited the 
Southern District of New York from prosecuting 
Ghislaine Maxwell, it clearly did so. 
Nor can the government’s appeal to context exclude 
Petitioner from the clear “including but not limited to” 
language which unmistakably signaled an intent to 
cover all “potential coconspirators,” not just those 
who were specifically named. Indeed, the broad 
“including but not limited to” clause shows the parties 
contemplated both known and unknown accomplices, 
and it was the government who drafted in the “final 
broad language,” intentionally declining to further 
enumerate individuals. OPR:70,166. The purpose 
was to assure Epstein that pleading guilty would 
protect all his associates from federal prosecution4 – 
effectively “closing” the federal case completely.5 That 
purpose is perfectly consistent with the plain text; it is 
the government’s after-the-fact spin that is inconsistent, 
 
4 The government cherry picks snippets of testimony from 
the OPR report, many of which are inconsistent with other 
statements from the same government attorneys, or which offer 
the perspective of those who admitted to unclear memories, or 
who were on vacation or otherwise disengaged at the relevant 
time. App.108, OPR: 36-37. There was a lengthy back-and-forth 
negotiating process to the inclusion of this clause, some of it 
recorded by the OPR report, some not. See OPR:36. None of this 
is relevant; the document says what it says in plain language, 
so the after-the-fact and self-serving statements of various 
participants to the process should be ignored. 
5 The OPR is riddled with statements reflecting that the 
government was very concerned about the strength of its case, 
that it had doubts it would result in a guilty verdict, and that 
many of the alleged victims did not want any aspect of the case to 
go to trial. See, e.g., OPR:28, 29, 36, 37, 14, 147. 

9 
attempting to import unwritten limits that the deal-
makers did not include.  
The government’s argument, across the board, is 
essentially an appeal to what it wishes the agreement 
had said, rather than what it actually says. Of course, 
if wishful thinking were the standard, the whole NPA 
would have been thrown out long ago. The government 
has spent years lamenting that agreement, and 
initiated a massive OPR investigation into its execution 
which resulted in OPR’s conclusion that the attorneys 
who negotiated it on behalf of the government did 
many things contrary to internal government policy 
and typical practice. (App.55) (district court order 
noting OPR’s findings that the NPA was “unusual in 
many respects, including its breadth, leniency, and 
secrecy.”); see also, e.g., App. 99. 
The entire co-conspirator provision itself (putting 
aside the issue of the jurisdiction(s) in which it is 
enforceable) was, according to OPR, unusual for such 
an agreement (App. 125). But, as the amicus notes, the 
fact that the deal was unconventional does not license 
the government (or the courts) to rewrite it to conform 
to ordinary or preferred governmental practice. Amicus 
Br. 5. To the contrary, it underscores that Epstein’s 
negotiators sought, and obtained, an expansive guarantee. 
The government also suggests that Petitioner is not 
entitled to enforce the NPA because she was not a 
party to it and was not named in it. Opp.15. But as the 
court below recognized and as hornbook contract law 
dictates, Maxwell has standing to enforce the agreement 
as a third party beneficiary. App.10. Petitioner falls 
squarely within the class of persons – “any potential 
co-conspirators of Epstein” – that the NPA expressly 
protected. She is therefore an intended beneficiary 
of the agreement, and she has standing to enforce it. 

10 
See, e.g., United States v. Andreas, 216 F.3d 645, 663 
(7th Cir. 2000) (providing that individuals who are not 
parties to a plea agreement may enforce it, like other 
third-party beneficiaries, when the original parties 
intended the contract to directly benefit them as third 
parties).  
Petitioner’s alleged status as Epstein’s co-conspirator 
was the entire basis of her prosecution. The NPA’s 
language demonstrates that the parties anticipated 
that there were additional co-conspirators beyond 
those already known. By using “including but not 
limited to” before naming some individuals, the 
government knowingly extended the benefit of the 
bargain to other unnamed individuals who partici-
pated in Epstein’s offenses. Whether the government 
attorneys personally knew the identities of every such 
person is beside the point; they certainly knew there 
could be others (hence the language). Ghislaine Maxwell’s 
name was well known to Epstein’s circle and was 
referenced in public reporting at the time of the NPA. 
But even if she had been entirely unknown, the broad 
language of the NPA evidences an intent to cover 
whoever might later be deemed a co-conspirator. 
Accordingly, Petitioner can rely on the immunity 
clause in the NPA. See, e.g., United States v. Florida 
West Int’l Airways, 853 F.Supp.2d 1209, 1228 (S.D. Fla. 
2012) (dismissing indictment against employee who 
fell within the class of employees described in plea 
agreement). 
The government’s suggestion that it would have 
drafted the agreement differently had it specifically 
had Petitioner in mind is both unprovable and 
irrelevant. If anything, the inclusion of specific names 
alongside a general category shows the parties knew 
some of the players and also wanted to cover any 

11 
others to prevent any federal prosecution of Epstein’s 
circle. Whether or not this was wise, it was the deal, 
and Petitioner is entitled to enforce it. 
III. This case is an ideal vehicle for resolving 
the split over this important and recurring 
question. 
It is hard to imagine a more compelling scenario for 
this Court’s review: for decades now, the same federal 
promise has yielded opposite results in different 
jurisdictions, undermining the uniformity of federal 
law and the integrity of plea bargains nationwide. This 
Court’s review is warranted. 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, this Court should grant 
the petition for certiorari. 
Respectfully submitted, 
 
DAVID OSCAR MARKUS 
Counsel of Record 
MONA MARKUS 
MARKUS/MOSS PLLC 
40 N.W. Third Street 
Penthouse One 
Miami, FL 33128 
(305) 379-6667 
dmarkus@markuslaw.com 
Counsel for Petitioner 
July 28, 2025 
