METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Davies v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10788 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
___________________________________________x 
 
 
 
 
TEALA DAVIES, 
 
 
 
 
 
Case No. 19 Civ. 10788 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Plaintiff, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPLAINT 
 
 
-against- 
 
 
 
 
AND JURY DEMAND 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, 
as EXECUTORS OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E.  
EPSTEIN, 
 
 
 
 
Defendants.   
 
 
 
___________________________________________x 
 
Plaintiff Teala Davies, by and through her attorneys, Cuti Hecker Wang LLP and 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg, for her Complaint alleges as follows: 
NATURE OF THE ACTION 
1. 
When Plaintiff Teala Davies was just seventeen years old, living on her 
own and working full-time to support herself, Jeffrey Epstein preyed open her, manipulated her 
to be completely dependent on him, and sexually abused her. 
2. 
Epstein was presented to Teala as someone who had learned about her 
challenging circumstances and had the resources and interest to assist her – including by helping 
her to attend college and study abroad to see the world.  Teala was introduced to Epstein by her 
sister, but Teala was unaware that Epstein had been manipulating and sexually abusing her sister, 
as Epstein’s total power and control over Teala’s sister made it impossible for her to say 
anything about it. 
3. 
During their early interactions, Epstein led Teala to believe that he would 
help her achieve her dream of becoming a translator, and he arranged for Teala to study abroad 
in Spain.  Teala gave up her job and her apartment in anticipation of this life-changing 
opportunity, leaving her completely dependent on Epstein and his continuing generosity. 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 1 of 13

 
2 
4. 
Epstein exploited this power over seventeen-year-old Teala to sexually 
abuse her repeatedly.  Ultimately, he raped and sexually assaulted her frequently and in a variety 
of places and settings, including by trafficking Teala to his homes in New York, New Mexico, 
Florida, the Virgin Islands, and France.  He treated her like an object for his sexual gratification.   
5. 
These assaults caused Teala to feel completely intimidated and fearful.  
She froze up and began to cry, able to think only about trying to survive.   
6. 
Epstein continued to exert total control over Teala’s life for two more 
years, trafficking her around the country and the world and sexually abusing her on a frequent 
basis.  During this time, Teala felt deep despair and isolation, and developed a severe and self-
destructive eating disorder.  Still within his power and control, Teala confided in Epstein about 
her disorder, mistakenly believing that she could trust him.  Rather than help her, Epstein cast 
her out within hours of her admission, sending her back to a place where she no longer had a 
home, a job or any resources or support.   
7. 
Epstein’s abuse destroyed Ms. Davies’s life.  She sank into alcoholism and 
other self-harm, unable to trust others but not understanding why.   
8. 
At the same time, like so many childhood sex abuse victims, she did not 
comprehend how it had undone her or her life, or how it impacted her. 
9. 
Now a working mother of three, Ms. Davies is still just beginning to 
understand the depth of the injuries from the sexual assaults that Epstein inflicted on her 
beginning when she was seventeen.  She feels the toll of Epstein’s abuse every day.  She feels 
dysfunctional, on-edge, overwhelmed, and like she is on the verge of a psychological 
breakdown.  She has difficulty sleeping and often has flashbacks to Epstein’s abuse. 
10. 
Epstein died in August 2019, before Ms. Davies or the countless other 
girls he preyed upon could obtain a modicum of justice.  
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 2 of 13

 
3 
11. 
Ms. Davies brings this action seeking, at last, some remedy for the 
egregious abuse that Epstein inflicted when she was a child. 
PARTIES 
12. 
Plaintiff Teala Davies is an individual who resides in Arizona. 
13. 
Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn are the Executors of 
the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”).  As Executors of the Estate, Defendants are liable 
for the acts and omissions of Epstein and his agents.  For purposes of 28 U.S.C. § 1332, 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn are deemed to be citizens of the United States Virgin Islands, 
where Epstein was domiciled at the time of his death. 
JURISDICTION AND VENUE 
14. 
 This Court has subject-matter jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1332 
because this case is between citizens of different states and the amount in controversy exceeds 
$75,000.   
15. 
Venue is proper in this District pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391(b)(2) 
because a substantial part of the events or omissions giving rise to the claim occurred in this 
District.   
16. 
This Court has personal jurisdiction over Defendants.  As Executors of the 
Estate, Defendants Indyke and Kahn are subject to personal jurisdiction in this Court because 
Epstein was subject to personal jurisdiction at the time of his death. 
17. 
This Court had both specific and general personal jurisdiction over Epstein 
at the time of his death. 
18. 
Epstein resided in New York State a substantial portion of the time during 
the time period at issue in this lawsuit, and through the time of his death. 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 3 of 13

 
4 
19. 
Epstein resided in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York 
County at the time of his death. 
20. 
Epstein conducted substantial business operations in New York.  
21. 
Epstein owned and/or controlled numerous companies with principal 
places of business in New York. 
22. 
Epstein owned substantial real property assets in New York, including the 
townhouse located at 9 East 71st Street in Manhattan, which is valued at $55 million or more.    
23. 
New York was the epicenter of Epstein’s criminal sex-trafficking 
enterprise.  For years, Epstein and his agents took actions in New York in order to arrange for 
minor girls to be trafficked to his homes throughout the country in order to perform sexual acts 
for him.  Epstein’s trafficking and abuse of Ms. Davies was part of that New York-based 
criminal enterprise.   
24. 
From his Manhattan townhouse, Epstein directed a vast network of agents 
in recruiting minor girls to be brought to him for his sexual use.   
25. 
Epstein sexually abused many minor girls, including Ms. Davies, in his 
Manhattan townhouse. 
26. 
On many occasions, Epstein and his agents made phone calls from New 
York to schedule appointments for minor girls to come to Epstein’s residences outside of New 
York in order to perform commercial sexual acts for Epstein.   
27. 
Upon information and belief, Epstein and/or his agents were present in 
New York when they took various actions to facilitate the trafficking of Ms. Davies for the 
purpose of performing sexual acts for Epstein. 
JURY DEMAND 
28. 
Plaintiff hereby demands a trial by jury on all of her claims in this action. 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 4 of 13

 
5 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
29. 
When Plaintiff Teala Davies was seventeen years old, Jeffrey Epstein 
preyed upon her, manipulating her to be completely dependent on him and then sexually 
assaulting and raping her on numerous occasions.  Epstein continued this pattern of manipulation 
and frequent sexual assault for years, leaving Ms. Davies with deep emotional wounds that she is 
still just beginning to grapple with.  
30. 
By age seventeen, Teala had already lived through tremendously 
challenging circumstances.  At eleven years old, she was homeless for a year, staying with 
various friends and seeing her mother only about once a week.  At fifteen, Teala began working 
in order to support herself.  At sixteen, Teala’s living situation was again unstable, and she 
moved to Los Angeles to live with her older sister. 
31. 
Teala initially tried to go to school in Los Angeles, but was unable to 
continue due to the need to work full-time to support herself.  Teala lived with her sister and 
worked at a hair salon, eventually getting her GED.  By the time Teala met Epstein, she had 
already been living on her own and working full-time for a year-and-a-half.   
32. 
Teala’s sister – who is five years older than her – had previously met 
Epstein and traveled with him.  Teala’s sister described Epstein to her as a generous wealthy 
person, and reported that he often helped make it possible for people to attend college.  Teala’s 
sister reported that Epstein had heard Teala’s story and that he wanted to help.   
33. 
Unbeknownst to Teala, Epstein had been manipulating and sexually 
abusing her sister.  Teala had no idea that her sister had been involved in any type of sexual 
interactions with Epstein.  Epstein’s power and control of Teala’s sister made it impossible for 
her to say anything. 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 5 of 13

 
6 
34. 
Teala met Epstein for the first time in 2002, when she was seventeen years 
old.  Epstein was visiting Los Angeles, and Teala drove with her sister to meet him at the Hotel 
Bel-Air.   
35. 
During that first meeting, Epstein lay on a bed in his spacious hotel suite, 
fully clothed.  He asked Teala’s sister to massage his feet, then encouraged Teala to join her.  
Afterwards, Epstein took them shopping, and insisted on buying several items for Teala. 
36. 
After that meeting, Epstein kept in touch with Teala through frequent 
phone calls.  Epstein veered the conversation toward Teala’s career goals and how Epstein could 
help her achieve them.  He purported to want to help her and guide her to a better life. 
37. 
Epstein offered to send Teala to school to learn hairdressing, but Teala 
made clear that this was not what she wanted to do in the long term.  Teala explained that she 
had a passion for languages and for people, and that her dream was to be a translator.   
38. 
Epstein claimed that he wanted to help Teala study to become a translator.  
He suggested that he would pay for Teala to study in Spain for a semester.  Soon after, Epstein 
helped her to obtain a letter of recommendation from her high school counselor and helped her 
get accepted to study at the University of Madrid. 
39. 
Teala was over the moon, feeling her dreams were coming true.  Epstein 
made sure she felt that it was all his doing. 
40. 
Teala prepared for this exciting opportunity to study abroad and pursue 
her dream career.  She gave notice at her hairdressing job and gave up her apartment in Los 
Angeles, preparing to move to Spain.   
41. 
Before Teala left for her school program, however, Epstein began what 
would become a long pattern of using her as his sexual object. 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 6 of 13

 
7 
42. 
In approximately the summer of 2002, Epstein flew Teala and her sister to 
his ranch in New Mexico.  Teala felt no reason to be wary of Epstein.  He had been kind in their 
first meeting and had acted with generosity towards her.   
43. 
When Teala got to Epstein’s ranch, Epstein’s close associates Ghislaine 
Maxwell and Sarah Kellen were there.  Maxwell asked Teala questions about herself and took 
her horseback riding.  Kellen invited Teala to go swimming.   
44. 
After Teala swam, Epstein asked her to go into a massage room along with 
Kellen.  Kellen began massaging Epstein, and Teala innocently joined in, as she had when her 
sister massaged Epstein’s feet the first time. 
45. 
At that point, Epstein began fondling Kellen and took off Kellen’s shirt.  
Teala became very uncomfortable, as the massage had quickly and unexpectedly turned into a 
sexual encounter.  Epstein reached inside Teala’s bathing suit and fondled her genitals.  Teala 
began crying, but Epstein continued to grope her as he masturbated to completion. 
46. 
Teala felt extremely vulnerable.  Epstein had arranged the circumstances 
to ensure that Teala was completely at his mercy.  Teala had given up her job and her apartment 
in order to travel to Spain at Epstein’s expense.  If Epstein decided to rethink his generosity at 
any point, Teala would have had nothing, and would have been left homeless and jobless once 
again, after being brought so close to her dream.  Even though Epstein had preyed upon her and 
sexually assaulted her, Teala understood she had no choice but to submit to him.  His power over 
her was all-encompassing. 
47. 
Epstein viciously exploited this power dynamic.  In the summer and fall of 
2002, he flew seventeen-year-old Teala to his homes in New York, Florida, and the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, sexually assaulting her in each of those locations. 
48. 
In or around December 2002, Epstein flew Teala to stay at his townhouse 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 7 of 13

 
8 
located at 9 East 71st Street in Manhattan.  While they were in the dining room of the townhouse, 
Epstein without warning stuck his hand down Teala’s pants and fondled her genitals.  It was as if 
she were his toy.    
49. 
In or around that same month, at Epstein’s home in Florida, Epstein crept 
into Teala’s bedroom while she was sleeping and raped her.   
50. 
Also around that same month, at the private island Epstein owned in the 
Virgin Islands, Epstein ordered Teala to massage him, then proceeded to sexually assault her in 
the massage room. 
51. 
Teala finally traveled to Spain to study in or around the end of 2002.   
52. 
In early 2003, when Teala was still seventeen years old, Epstein flew her 
from Madrid to Paris.  At his home in Paris, Epstein again crept into Teala’s bedroom while she 
slept and raped her. 
53. 
When Epstein inflicted these sexual assaults on Teala, she felt completely 
intimidated and fearful.  All she could think about was trying to survive.  Her body froze up, and 
she began crying. 
54. 
After Teala’s semester in Madrid, she had no home and no job.  Instead, 
Epstein brought her to live a nomadic lifestyle in his close orbit.  Teala traveled around the 
country with Epstein and his entourage, which generally included Maxwell, Kellen, and others.  
Virtually every few days, Epstein would bring Teala to a different home of his, including his 
Manhattan townhouse and throughout the country, where he continued to sexually assault her on 
a frequent basis.  Epstein regularly used his private planes to traffic Teala into various locations 
for his sexual abuse of her.    
55. 
Epstein had power over every aspect of Teala’s life, and he had groomed 
Teala to be completely dependent on him and completely submissive to him.  Epstein treated 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 8 of 13

 
9 
Teala as a sexual object, using her body for his sexual gratification frequently and at his whim.   
56. 
Eventually, by approximately 2004, Epstein arranged for Teala to live in 
an apartment at 301 East 66th Street in Manhattan, just blocks from his townhouse, when she 
was in New York.  
57. 
This pattern – of Epstein exercising total control over Teala’s life and 
using her as a sexual object whenever he desired – continued throughout 2003 and 2004.  Epstein 
arranged for Teala to study abroad two more times, apparently when he grew bored with having 
her around.  Each time, Teala lived in this nomadic orbit with Epstein both before and after 
traveling to attend school.  
58. 
Epstein also tried to introduce Teala to his “friends” and essentially offer 
her as a sexual object to them.  In one instance, Epstein had Teala spend time with a well-known 
Hollywood producer, who then demanded and attempted to engage in abusive sexual behavior.  
Teala barely escaped. 
59. 
By 2004, Teala felt deep despair and isolation.  There was no one she 
could talk to about what Epstein was doing to her.  Instead, Epstein had ensured that she thought 
he was the only person in her life whom she could trust.   
60. 
Teala developed a severe eating disorder, for the first time, in or around 
2004.  After she had struggled with the disorder for six months or a year, it became too much to 
bear.  She confided in Epstein about the eating disorder, still manipulated into thinking he was 
someone she could trust. 
61. 
Instead, from the moment Epstein learned of Teala’s self-destructive 
behavior, he immediately cast her out.  Literally within hours of Teala anxiously confessing to 
Epstein that she did not know why, but had a compulsive need to binge and purge, he threw her 
out.  He instructed her to pack up her belongings and arranged for her to be flown to Arizona.   
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 9 of 13

 
10 
62. 
But there was nothing left for her in Arizona.  She still had no idea what 
had happened to her and felt it was all her fault. 
63. 
Epstein’s abuse destroyed Teala’s life.  After being cast out by him after 
two years of a lavish, if abusive, lifestyle, she sank into alcoholism and other self-harm, unable 
to trust others but not understanding why.   
64. 
Ms. Davies is now a working mother raising three children.  She is still 
struggling to put her life back together.  
65. 
Ms. Davies is still in the nascent stages of understanding the deep and 
lasting injuries that Epstein’s pattern of abuse has caused her, but she feels the effects every day.  
She feels dysfunctional, on-edge, and constantly overwhelmed.  She has difficulty sleeping.  She 
often has flashbacks to Epstein’s sexual assaults.  She feels like she is on the verge of a 
psychological breakdown. 
66. 
This action is timely under the law of each jurisdiction whose law might 
be determined to govern Ms. Davies’s claims or aspects thereof, including without limitation 
New York, New Mexico, Florida, and the Virgin Islands.  
67. 
Ms. Davies still has not disclosed her abuse to a licensed medical or 
mental health care provider in the context of receiving health care from the provider.  
68. 
Ms. Davies is still just beginning to process and understand the full extent 
of the injuries that Epstein’s abuse had caused her and the connection between Epstein’s abuse 
and the emotional and psychological injuries she had experienced. 
69. 
This action is timely under New York law because it falls within New 
York CPLR 214-g and is brought during the one-year time period set forth in that section.  The 
claims brought herein allege intentional and negligent acts and/or omissions for physical, 
psychological, and other injury suffered as a result of conduct that would constitute sexual 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 10 of 13

 
11 
offenses as defined in Article 130 of the New York Penal Law, and such acts and/or omissions 
were committed against Ms. Davies when she was less than eighteen years of age.  
70. 
Epstein’s conduct constitutes “childhood sexual abuse” within the 
meaning of New Mexico Stat. § 37-1-30 and “abuse” within the meaning of Florida Stat. § 
95.11(7). 
FIRST CAUSE OF ACTION 
 (Battery) 
 
71. 
Plaintiff hereby incorporates each of the foregoing paragraphs as if fully 
set forth herein. 
72. 
In committing the acts described above, Epstein intentionally subjected 
Plaintiff to bodily contact that was offensive in nature. 
73. 
Epstein intentionally touched Plaintiff in a rude, insolent, or angry 
manner.    
74. 
As a result of Epstein’s actions, Plaintiff suffered damages in an amount to 
be determined at trial. 
SECOND CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Assault) 
 
75. 
Plaintiff hereby incorporates each of the foregoing paragraphs as if fully 
set forth herein. 
76. 
In committing the acts described above, Epstein engaged in physical 
conduct that placed Plaintiff in imminent apprehension that he would harm her.   
77. 
As a result of Epstein’s actions, Plaintiff suffered damages in an amount to 
be determined at trial. 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 11 of 13

 
12 
THIRD CAUSE OF ACTION 
(Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress) 
 
78. 
Plaintiff hereby incorporates each of the foregoing paragraphs as if fully 
set forth herein. 
79. 
In committing the acts described above, Epstein engaged in extreme and 
outrageous conduct.   
80. 
In doing so, Epstein acted with the intent to cause and/or disregard of a 
substantial likelihood of causing Plaintiff to suffer severe emotional distress. 
81. 
As a direct result of Epstein’s actions, Plaintiff suffered severe emotional 
distress.  
82. 
As a result of Epstein’s actions, Plaintiff suffered damages in an amount to 
be determined at trial.  
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff respectfully requests that judgment be entered against 
Defendants as follows:  
a. Awarding compensatory damages for all physical injuries, emotional distress, 
psychological harm, anxiety, humiliation, physical and emotional pain and 
suffering, family and social disruption, and other harm, in an amount to be 
determined at trial; 
b. Awarding punitive damages in an amount to be determined at trial;  
c. Awarding attorneys’ fees and costs pursuant to any applicable statute or law;  
d. Awarding pre- and post-judgment interest on all such damages, fees and/or costs;  
e. Attaching all of Defendants’ real property and other assets located in the State of 
New York pursuant to New York CPLR 6201 et seq. and Federal Rule of Civil 
Procedure 64; and 
f. Awarding such other and further relief as this Court may deem just and proper. 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 12 of 13

 
13 
Dated: New York, New York  
 
 
November 21, 2019 
CUTI HECKER WANG LLP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:  /s/ Mariann Meier Wang                  .                              
Mariann Meier Wang 
Daniel Mullkoff 
305 Broadway, Suite 607 
New York, New York 10007 
(212) 620-2603 
mwang@chwllp.com 
 
ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG 
Gloria Allred 
305 Broadway, Suite 607 
New York, New York 10007 
(212) 202-2966  
 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 1     Filed 11/21/19     Page 13 of 13
