METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Bryant v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10479 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 027.pdf
----------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Telephone: (954) 377-4223 
Email: smccawley@bsfllp.com 
 
May 7, 2020 
 
VIA ECF 
The Honorable Debra Freeman 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl St. 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
 
 
Re: 
Juliette Bryant v. Darren K. Indyke & Richard D. Kahn, 19-10479-ALC-DCF 
 
 
 
Dear Judge Freeman:  
We write on behalf of Plaintiff Juliette Bryant in the above-captioned litigation. Pursuant 
to Individual Rule II.A and Local Civil Rule 37.2, Plaintiff respectfully requests a pre-motion 
conference on Plaintiff’s anticipated motion to compel Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard 
D. Kahn (1) to produce responsive documents from the Relevant Period as defined in Plaintiff’s 
discovery requests; (2) to produce documents responsive to Plaintiff’s requests, not simply 
documents that directly mention Plaintiff’s name; and (3) to respond to Plaintiff’s interrogatories.1  
The Court has made clear that discovery in this case would not be stayed pending the approval of 
the claims administration program or a motion to dismiss absent a contrary order from the Court. 
See Tr. of Nov. 21, 2019 Conf. at 26:10-12.  Yet by failing to comply with their clear and 
unequivocal discovery obligations, including not producing a single document to date, Defendants 
are attempting to grant themselves a de facto stay of discovery.  Defendants have provided no basis 
for their delay. 
I. 
Background 
Plaintiff alleges that Jeffrey Epstein and his co-conspirators operated a decades-long 
sex-trafficking scheme by which they recruited young women for sexual abuse.  Compl. ¶¶ 27, 28.  
Plaintiff was one of those women.  Epstein and his associates trafficked her from South Africa in 
2002 and sexually abused her for several years thereafter in New York, Florida, the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, New Mexico, and France.  Id. ¶¶ 41, 55. After years of suffering in silence due to fear and 
Epstein’s psychological manipulation, she filed a complaint against Defendants on November 14, 
2019. 
On January 23, 2020, the parties exchanged initial Rule 26 disclosures.  Defendants’ Rule 
26 Disclosures were vacuous.  Defendants provided the names of two witnesses—Plaintiff and her 
ex-boyfriend—and stated that they were not aware of any documents, ESI, or tangible things in 
                                                        
1  
Pursuant to Individual Rule I.C., Plaintiff states that she conferred in good faith 
with Defendants about the issues raised in this letter by telephone on April 27, 2020.   
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27   Filed 05/07/20   Page 1 of 6
BSF 
BOIES 
SCHILLER 
FLEXNER 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard. Suite 1200. Fort Lauderdale. FL 33301 1 (t) 954 356 0011 I (f) 954 356 0022 I www.bsfllp.com 

 
their possession, custody, or control that they would use to support their defenses.  Exhibit A, Jan. 
23, 2020 Initial Disclosures of Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn.  In response to 
Defendants’ lack of information as to what relevant documents were in their possession, custody, 
or control, on January 28, 2020, Plaintiff sent them a document preservation notice and identified 
various email accounts used by Jeffrey Epstein.  Exhibit B, Jan. 28, 2020 Document Preservation 
Notice.  Defendants responded on February 3, 2020, by stating that they were abiding by all of 
their discovery obligations, including their preservation obligations.  Exhibit C, Feb. 3, 2020 Letter 
from B. Moskowitz to S. McCawley. 
On March 10, 2020, Plaintiff served 91 Requests for Production (“RFPs”) and 17 
Interrogatories on Defendants (collectively, Plaintiff’s “discovery requests”).  In Plaintiff’s 
interrogatories, she again asked Defendants to identify potential witnesses, in addition to email 
accounts used by Epstein, telephone numbers used by Epstein, and other information to aid 
Plaintiff in identifying witnesses and the location of evidence necessary to prove her case.  On 
April 16, 2020, after Plaintiff provided Defendants a week-long extension, Defendants served 
responses and objections in which they failed to respond to a single Interrogatory (aside from 
identifying Plaintiff as a witness to her own abuse) and failed to produce a single document.  
Exhibit D, Defendants’ Apr. 16, 2020 Objections and Responses to Plaintiff’s First Set of 
Interrogatories; Exhibit E, Defendants’ Apr. 16, 2020 Objections and Responses to Plaintiff’s First 
Request for Production of Documents. 
On April 27, 2020, after sending Defendants a letter regarding the clear deficiencies in their 
responses and objections, Plaintiff met and conferred with Defendants for an hour and a half. 
See Ex. F, Apr. 20, 2020 Letter from S. McCawley to B. Moskowitz. Defendants stated that they 
had not yet fully processed the ESI in their possession, had not run any searches on the ESI, and 
were not in a position to provide information about the ESI, despite having received Plaintiff’s 
document retention notice in January and Plaintiff’s discovery requests in March.  During the meet 
and confer, Plaintiff also explained her position on the relevance and necessity of each of her 
discovery requests, and offered to answer any questions that Defendants had about the relevance 
of any of her requests.  Defendants refused to accept the Relevant Period that Plaintiff defined in 
her discovery requests, and stated that they would only produce documents that reference Plaintiff.  
They also stated, without providing any legal basis for their position, that they would not produce 
anything relating to Epstein’s sex trafficking or abuse of other victims. 
As of today, May 7, 2020, Plaintiff has yet to receive a single document or piece of 
information responsive to any of her discovery requests, including the documents that specifically 
reference Plaintiff that Defendants agreed to produce.  The only information Defendants have 
provided to Plaintiff in the course of discovery is their statement that Plaintiff is a witness in this 
case.  Plaintiff has produced more than 10,000 pages of documents responsive to Defendants’ 
discovery requests to date, and has responded to all of Defendants’ interrogatories to the best of 
her ability. 
II. 
Defendants’ Objection to the Relevant Period is Improper. 
Defendants have improperly objected to the Relevant Period that Plaintiff defined in her 
discovery requests as January 1, 2001 to the present.  Without providing any legal basis for their 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27   Filed 05/07/20   Page 2 of 6

 
position, Defendants contend that the relevant time period should be limited to the dates of 
Plaintiff’s abuse as alleged in the Complaint.2 
Under Rule 26 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, parties may obtain discovery 
“regarding any nonprivileged matter that is relevant to any party’s claim or defense.”  Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 26(b)(1).  “[R]elevance for the purposes of discovery is an extremely broad concept.”  Melendez 
v. Greiner, No. 01 CIV.07888 SAS DF, 2003 WL 22434101, at *1 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 23, 2003) 
(Freeman, J.). 
This case turns on (1) whether Jeffrey Epstein sexually trafficked and sexually assaulted 
Plaintiff and (2) whether Plaintiff’s claims are timely, an affirmative defense that Defendants have 
already raised in a motion to dismiss.  ECF No. 24.  Discovery from the Relevant Period as defined 
by Plaintiff is relevant to both Plaintiff’s claims and Defendants’ statute of limitations defense, 
and is reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. 
Epstein’s sexual trafficking and abuse of Plaintiff began in 2002 and lasted through 
approximately 2004.  But Plaintiff has reason to believe, based on publicly available documents, 
that Epstein and his co-conspirators began trafficking and sexually abusing young girls and women 
in the same manner that he trafficked and abused Plaintiff in the mid-1990s, and continued to do 
so up until the date of Epstein’s arrest on July 8, 2019.  Documents relating to the sexual trafficking 
and/or sexual assault of others at any point during that period would make the fact that Epstein 
trafficked and sexually assaulted Plaintiff, the key fact that Plaintiff bears the burden of proving 
in this case, more probable than it would be without such evidence.  See Fed. R. Evid. 401.  Plaintiff 
also bears the burden of proving Epstein’s intent to sexually assault her.  See Cerilli v. Kezis, 16 
A.D.3d 363, 364 (2d Dep’t 2005) (“The elements of battery are bodily contact, made with intent, 
and offensive in nature.”).  Evidence that he sexually trafficked and assaulted others would be 
directly relevant to proving such intent.  Such evidence would also likely be admissible at trial.  
See Fed. R. Evid. 415.   
Further, Defendants have raised a statute of limitations defense in this matter, ECF No. 24, 
and Plaintiff contends that they should be equitably estopped from doing so based on Epstein’s 
misconduct.  Compl. ¶ 15.  Although Plaintiff disagrees with Defendants’ interpretation of the case 
law, Defendants contend that to invoke equitable estoppel, Plaintiff bears the burden of proving 
that Epstein’s “conduct caused her to delay bringing suit,” that Epstein “made a definite 
misrepresentation of fact and had reason to believe that the plaintiff would rely on it,” and that 
“plaintiff reasonably relied on that misrepresentation.”  ECF No. 24 at 13.  Documents relating to 
Epstein’s misconduct after his abuse of Plaintiff ended could very well be relevant to equitable 
estoppel, including to whether Plaintiff reasonably relied on that misconduct in staying silent about 
her abuse until after Epstein’s death. 
The fact that Epstein and his co-conspirators carried out a sex-trafficking operation, which 
directly injured Plaintiff, for 20 years does not mean that Plaintiff is not entitled to discovery about 
that operation.  Yet Defendants have taken that position and have not indicated any willingness to 
change it.  The Court should direct Defendants to search documents within their possession, 
                                                        
2  
This is despite the fact that Defendants themselves served discovery requests on Plaintiff 
in which they defined the relevant time period as “the date on which you first learned of Decedent 
through the date of your responses to these requests.” 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27   Filed 05/07/20   Page 3 of 6

 
custody, or control from the Relevant Period as described in Plaintiff’s discovery requests—2001 
to the present. 
III. 
Defendants Must Produce More than Documents That Explicitly Reference Plaintiff.   
In addition to their blanket objection to the production of documents from any year during 
which Plaintiff was not herself sexually assaulted, Defendants contend that they will only produce 
one category of documents—those that specifically mention Juliette Bryant.  Defendants have 
refused, without providing any legal basis for doing so, to produce any document that does not 
directly reference Plaintiff, regardless of the year.   
Defendant cannot broadly object to producing any documents that do not directly reference 
Plaintiff.  Documents relevant to Plaintiff’s claims and Defendants’ defenses go well beyond 
documents that reference Plaintiff.  The following is a small sampling of examples of relevant 
documents that would not necessarily mention Plaintiff: 
 As explained above, documents evidencing Epstein’s trafficking and sexual 
assaults of others, although not about Plaintiff herself, are directly relevant to 
whether he trafficked and sexually assaulted Plaintiff.   
 Epstein’s communications with his co-conspirators are likely to evidence the 
scheme by which Epstein recruited and abused Plaintiff, even if they do not 
specifically mention Plaintiff.  For example, documents in which Epstein and his 
co-conspirators discuss recruiting young models or arranging for the travel of 
foreign girls for sexual abuse would corroborate Plaintiff’s allegations. 
 Documents relating to payments from Epstein to his employees are relevant to 
whether Epstein paid his employees to keep them quiet, and would be relevant in 
impeaching witnesses in this case. 
 Documents relating to Epstein’s silencing, intimidation, and manipulation of 
victims other than Plaintiff is relevant to establishing whether Plaintiff reasonably 
feared Epstein, which is relevant to Defendants’ statute of limitations defense and 
Plaintiff’s equitable estoppel theory. 
 Documents relating to Epstein’s recruitment of Plaintiff while on the following trip 
to South Africa, including details about travel plans and itineraries, would not 
mention Plaintiff’s name but are nevertheless highly relevant to what transpired: 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27   Filed 05/07/20   Page 4 of 6

 
Plaintiff explained these theories of relevance during a meet and confer call with 
Defendants.  Without any legal basis, and while purporting to understand Plaintiff’s position, 
Defendants consistently maintained that they would not produce any document that does not 
directly mention Juliette Bryant.  This position unwarranted, legally baseless, and unacceptable, 
and Defendants have not indicated that they are willing to change it.  The Court should direct 
Defendants to search for documents within their possession, custody, or control and not allow 
Defendants to unilaterally and arbitrarily limit their search to documents that reference Plaintiff’s 
name. 
IV. 
Defendants Must Respond to Plaintiff’s Interrogatories. 
Plaintiff served 17 interrogatories on Defendants, and Defendants failed to answer a single 
one, aside from listing Plaintiff as an “individual who may have knowledge concerning the issues 
in this lawsuit.”  Ex. D at 3.  Plaintiff asked Defendants to identify email accounts used by Epstein 
or his employees or agents on his behalf—Defendants provided no answer.  Id.  Plaintiff asked 
Defendants to identify telephone numbers used by Epstein or his employees or agents on his 
behalf—Defendants provided no answer.  Id. at 4.  Plaintiff asked Defendants to provide a list of 
Epstein’s employees in an effort to identify potential witnesses to Epstein’s abuse of Plaintiff and 
other victims—Defendants provided no answer.  Id.  This is despite the fact that Defendant Kahn 
is Epstein’s longtime accountant and likely knows who was on Epstein’s payroll.  This total failure 
to answer even basic questions about the location of documents and potential witnesses is 
egregious. 
When asked about their failure to respond to any interrogatories, in addition to raising their 
meritless objections to the Relevant Period and to producing information that does not relate 
directly to Plaintiff, Defendants stated that they do not have responsive information because 
Epstein is dead and Defendants do not know where to look for responsive information.  Defendants 
also drew a distinction between their capacities as Epstein’s lawyer and accountant, as opposed to 
their capacities as executors of his Estate, but could not give Plaintiff a clear answer as to their 
position on how that distinction affects their discovery obligations.  For example, Defendants’ 
counsel could not tell Plaintiff whether Darren Indyke—Epstein’s longtime lawyer who has ties to 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27   Filed 05/07/20   Page 5 of 6
I 
, .... .., 
~.l \ 
~ --11:.1.:~ \ ~\ Ne 0~Yre 
LYA1.. 
\3 
2.'L 
d 
, ' 
2, 
I( 
I( 
y 
\( 
\( 
1:S 
' 
( 
\ j 
~1 ' 
....... 
M~ 
v~ Fn -r.i\'C( t. 
'0 
It 
I/ 
r~JV\Pr 
r 
' (:; 
<l.7 
" 
I ( 
~f.)C) 
ff{1S 
\'-'2.. 
;) 
<..L_ 
t 
J. ) 
-2.8 
\' 
I I 
r-rr:s-s 
~-r 
tit 
t,)ofl_ 
I~ 
?'~~ 
., 
I I 
~Pl<-.,.-
DG(1~ 
'-i 
/)I) ' ; ~~ 
1G.-"", 1 )~CL 
~'\ 
\( 
\\ 
O&rtpt 
Lff F., 
\le 
Ct-

 
Epstein’s co-conspirators3—or Richard Kahn—Epstein’s longtime accountant who assisted him 
for years with both personal and professional accounting work—had ever been directly asked 
whether they know of any individuals who might have information about Plaintiff’s claims. 
Plaintiff still has no understanding of how Defendants have attempted to fulfill their 
discovery obligations, or of what documents or information are within their possession, custody, 
or control.  At this stage in the litigation, such opaqueness is unacceptable and a clear attempt by 
Defendants to avoid their discovery obligations in the hopes that the claims administration process 
comes to fruition.  But Defendants cannot unilaterally decide to stay this case.  The Court should 
direct Defendants to respond to Plaintiff’s interrogatories. 
  
Respectfully submitted, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Sigrid S. McCawley 
 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
 
 
cc:  Counsel of Record (via ECF) 
 
                                                        
3  
According to public records, Indyke, for example, helped Ghislaine Maxwell buy her 
townhouse, was listed on documents relating to one of Maxwell’s nonprofits, held a power of 
attorney over one of Leslie Wexner’s properties, and employed Lesley Groff as an executive 
assistant for his law practice.  See Julia La Roche et al., Jeffrey Epstein’s Lawyers Deeply Involved 
in His Business Dealings for Decades, Documents Show, Yahoo Finance (Aug. 13, 2019), 
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jeffrey-epstein-lawyers-darren-indyke-jeffrey-schantz-
164305188.html.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27   Filed 05/07/20   Page 6 of 6

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-1   Filed 05/07/20   Page 1 of 5

1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - X
JULIETTE BRYANT,
Plaintiff,
v.
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. 
KAHN in their capacities as the executors of 
the ESTATE OF JEFFREY EDWARD 
EPSTEIN,
Defendants.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Index No. 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - X
INITIAL DISCLOSURES OF DEFENDANTS DARREN K. INDYKE AND RICHARD D. 
KAHN, CO-EXECUTORS OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN
Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(1), Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, 
Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (together, the “Co-Executors”), make the 
following initial disclosures to Plaintiff Juliette Bryant.  These disclosures are based on the
information reasonably available to the Co-Executors at present.  The Co-Executors reserve the 
right to supplement or modify these disclosures if additional, responsive information is obtained. 
The Co-Executors provide this information without any concession, agreement, 
admission or waiver of any ultimate determination of relevance or admissibility of particular 
information or testimony for any purpose.  The Co-Executors reserve the right to, at trial, call 
any witness and present any exhibit or other evidence not listed here but identified through 
discovery or investigation during this action.  The Co-Executors do not waive their rights to 
object to the production of any document or tangible thing based on the attorney-client privilege, 
the work-product doctrine, relevance, undue burden or any other valid objection.
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-1   Filed 05/07/20   Page 2 of 5

2
INITIAL DISCLOSURES
Rule 26(a)(1)(A)
i.
the name, and if known, the address and telephone number of each individual 
likely to have discoverable information – along with the subjects of that information –
that the disclosing party may use to support its claims or defenses, unless the use would 
be solely for impeachment;
Response: 
1. Plaintiff. Plaintiff is likely to have discoverable information concerning 
Jeffrey E. Epstein’s alleged conduct and Plaintiff’s claimed damages, 
which the Co-Executors may use to support their defenses.
2. Sven Stromnes.  Mr. Stromnes is likely to have discoverable information
concerning Jeffrey E. Epstein’s alleged conduct and Plaintiff’s claimed 
damages, which the Co-Executors may use to support their defenses.  
Upon information and belief, Mr. Stromnes is located in South Africa. 
ii.
a copy – or a description by category and location – of all documents, 
electronically stored information, and tangible things that the disclosing party has in its 
possession, custody, or control and may use to support its claims or defenses, unless the 
use would be solely for impeachment;
Response: At present, the Co-Executors are not aware of any such documents, 
electronically stored information, and tangible things.  
iii.
a computation of each category of damages claimed by the disclosing party – who 
must also make available for inspection and copying as under Rule 34 the documents or 
other evidentiary material, unless privileged or protected from disclosure, on which each 
computation is based, including materials bearing on the nature and extent of injuries 
suffered; and
Response: The Co-Executors do not claim damages. 
iv.
for inspection and copying as under Rule 34, any insurance agreement under 
which an insurance business may be liable to satisfy all or part of a possible judgment in 
the action or to indemnify or reimburse for payments made to satisfy the judgment.
Response: At present, the Co-Executors are unaware of any such insurance 
agreement. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-1   Filed 05/07/20   Page 3 of 5

3
Dated: New York, New York
January 23, 2020
Respectfully submitted,
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP
875 Third Avenue
New York, New York 10022
By:   /s/ Bennet J. Moskowitz
    Bennet J. Moskowitz
Attorneys for Defendants Darren K. Indyke and 
Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of the Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-1   Filed 05/07/20   Page 4 of 5

4
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
The undersigned certifies that on January 23, 2020, I served a copy of the foregoing 
Initial Disclosures of Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of the 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, made pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(1), by sending them by email 
to:
Sigrid McCawley
Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301
(954)-377-4223
Email: smccawley@bsfllp.com
  s/Bennet J. Moskowitz
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-1   Filed 05/07/20   Page 5 of 5

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit B 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-2   Filed 05/07/20   Page 1 of 4

 
 
 
 
   Telephone: (954) 356-0011 
Email: smccawley@bsfllp.com 
 
January 28, 2020 
VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
875 Third Avenue 
New York, New York 10022 
 
 
Re: 
Document Preservation Notice 
 
 
Maria Farmer v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, 19-10474; 
 
 
Annie Farmer v. Darren K. Indyke, Richard D. Kahn, and  
 
 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 19-10475; 
 
 
Teresa Helm v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, 19-10476; 
 
 
Juliette Bryant v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, 19-10479; 
 
 
Jane Doe 1000 v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, 19-10577; 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Mr. Moskowitz:  
 
This is a document preservation notice issued in connection with the above-captioned civil 
actions.  Please read this notice carefully and take all steps necessary to preserve all documents 
that might be relevant to this dispute.  You should take affirmative steps to suspend any automated 
deletion.  The documents covered by this notice are potentially subject to discovery and production 
in the above-captioned litigation and will be needed as evidence and/or to enable us to prepare 
fully to take your clients’ sworn testimony in a deposition and/or at a trial 
Pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 26, you were required to identify “all 
documents, electronically stored information, and tangible things that the disclosing party has in 
its possession, custody, or control and may use to support its claims or defenses.”  In your Initial 
Disclosures for Annie Farmer, Teresa Helm, and Juliette Bryant, however, you stated that “[a]t 
present, the Co-Executors are not aware of any such documents, electronically stored information, 
and tangible things.”  I assume that you mean that you are not aware that any “documents, 
electronically stored information, [or] tangible things” that would be supportive of your clients’ 
defenses.  If instead you are taking the position that your clients do not have possession, custody, 
or control over Mr. Epstein’s documents (including his electronically stored information), please 
state so in your reply so that we may bring that to the Court’s attention immediately.   
At the November 21, 2019, conference Judge Freeman stated:  “Counsel should know what 
their obligations are and those obligations are pretty clear under the law and counsel should take 
them seriously.  If you do not preserve evidence that should be preserved that you had a reason to 
believe was relevant to claims or defense in the case and that you didn’t take steps to preserve, 
there can be negative consequences down the road.”  Nov. 21, 2019, Hearing Tr. at 33:4-10.  The 
Court instructed that your preservation efforts should be “broad enough” to documents located at 
Mr. Epstein’s “multiple residences in multiple countries across the world.”        
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-2   Filed 05/07/20   Page 2 of 4
BSF 
BOIES 
SCHILLER 
FLEXNER 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard. Suite 1200, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 1 (t) 9S4 356 0011 I (f) 954 356 0022 I www.bsfllp.com 

 
 
 
 
 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
 
January 28, 2020 
P a g e  | 2 
 
 
Effective immediately, you should ensure that your clients preserve all documents, whether 
they exist electronically or in paper files.  This includes documents that presently exist, or that are 
created in the future, in your clients’ possession, custody or control, including in common files 
maintained for your clients.  
Subject Matter 
Preserve all documents that refer to, relate to, mention, or discuss the allegations in Plaintiffs’ 
complaints, including but not limited to any concerning the following subjects and found in the 
following repositories:  
1. 
The allegations in the Complaints filed in the above referenced matters;  
2. 
The Plaintiffs;  
3. 
Mr. Epstein’s sex-trafficking conspiracy; 
4. 
Visitors and/or passengers at any of Mr. Epstein’s multiple residences or aircraft where 
the sex trafficking occurred; 
5. 
Communications between Mr. Epstein and his co-conspirators; 
6. 
Communications between Mr. Epstein and his employees;  
7. 
Communications between Mr. Epstein and any government official regardless of 
country; 
8. 
Mr. Epstein’s flight logs and helicopter logs; 
9. 
Video tapes and photographs taken at Mr. Epstein’s properties or on his planes; 
10. 
Financial records; 
11. 
Mr. Epstein’s message pads and any phone call logs or phone/contact directories; 
12. 
Amazon.com account details, including order history; 
13. 
Electronic files Mark Lumberg managed on behalf of Mr. Epstein; 
14. 
Mr. Epstein’s email accounts, including but not limited to: 
a.  “jeffreye@mindspring.com”; 
b. “jeeproject@yahoo.com”; 
c. “jeevacation@gmail.com”; 
d. “zorroranch@aol.com”; and 
e. “epsteinj@wanadoo.fr”; 
15. 
Email accounts under the following domains: @Mindspring.com; @earthlink.net; 
including those used by: 
a. Ghislaine Maxwell; 
b. Dana Burns; 
c. Cecilia Steen; and 
d. Sarah Kellen; 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-2   Filed 05/07/20   Page 3 of 4
BSF 

 
 
 
 
 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
 
January 28, 2020 
P a g e  | 3 
 
 
16. 
Email accounts for “Cecilia Steen” that Mr. Epstein controlled, including 
“cecilia@ellmax.com” and “cecilia.steen@gmail.com”.    
Please construe this notice as broadly as possible and carefully read the following 
descriptions. 
The definition of “document” is not limited to paper files.  A document is literally any 
kind of record, whether stored electronically or in paper form, whether useful to you or not.  See 
S.D.N.Y. Local Civil Rule 26.3 (“Uniform Definitions in Discovery Requests”).  A document is 
any object in your possession that relates to the subject matter identified in this notice, including:   
• Email.  All of your clients’ emails relating to the subject matter, both internal and external, 
whether in electronic or paper form; this includes anything created or stored on a wireless 
device or smart phone. 
• Computer Files.  All other electronic records relating to the subject matter, including but 
not limited to documents created using Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, 
Access, and Visio, for example), and stored anywhere; this includes files stored on your 
clients’ computers, in shared or network drives, home computers, hard disks, CDs, DVDs, 
flash drives, or anywhere else. 
• Video and Audio.  Microfilm, audio and video or other visual records, including voice 
mail, video tapes, DVDs, digital photographs, etc. 
• Paper Documents.  All paper records—presentations, notes, calendars, day planners, logs, 
lists, agendas, correspondence, photographs, facsimiles, data or other computer printouts 
and the like. 
• Text Messages.  All text or SMS messages, messages sent via WhatsApp or other 
messaging services. 
Please ensure that any of your clients’ agents, such as administrative assistants, who may 
have access to or know of records covered by this notice, are also made aware of the obligation to 
preserve such material.  Please confirm in writing by February 3, 2020, that your clients have 
preserved and will continue to preserve all documents and communications described above, and 
all other materials relevant or potentially relevant to the subject matter of the cases.   
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Sigrid S. McCawley 
 
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-2   Filed 05/07/20   Page 4 of 4
BSF 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-3   Filed 05/07/20   Page 1 of 2

Troutman Sanders LLP
875 Third Avenue
New York, New York  10022
troutman.com
Bennet J. Moskowitz
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com
February 3, 2020
E-MAIL
Sigrid S. McCawley, Esq.
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP
401 East Las Olas Boulevard
Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL  33301
Re:
Teresa Helm, 19-cv-10476; Juliette Bryant, 19-cv-10479; Annie Farmer, 19-cv-
10475; Maria Farmer, 19-cv-10474; Jane Doe 1000, 19-cv-10577
Dear Ms. McCawley:
As you know, we represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of 
the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (together, the “Co-Executors”), in the above-referenced actions
(the “Actions”).  We are writing in response to your letter dated January 28, 2020.
You state: “If … you are taking the position that your clients do not have possession, custody, or 
control over Mr. Epstein’s documents (including his electronically stored information), please 
state so in your reply so that we may bring that to the Court’s attention immediately.”  We have 
never taken that position.  Accordingly, there is nothing to raise with the Court.
Separately, we confirm that our clients are abiding by all of their discovery obligations including 
preservation obligations.  However, your list of subject matters is inappropriate because it is
argumentative, assumes many unproven facts not in evidence and is overly broad.1 Your 
interpretation of Local Rule 26.3 is likewise inappropriate; we defer to the rule itself.   
Very truly yours,
Bennet J. Moskowitz
Bennet J. Moskowitz
1It bears mentioning that counsel in another action against the Co-Executors previously attempted to 
extract positions from us concerning a similar list and, failing that, to obtain relief from Magistrate 
Freeman.  Such counsel obtained no such relief.  Nor was any relief necessary given our identical 
representation in that action that our clients are abiding by their preservation obligations. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-3   Filed 05/07/20   Page 2 of 2
troutmariP 
sanders 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit D 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 1 of 16

 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
JULIETTE BRYANT, 
Plaintiff,  
                       v. 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN 
in their capacities as the executors of the ESTATE  
OF JEFFREY EDWARD EPSTEIN, 
Defendants.  
 
 
    Case No. 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF 
 
 
DEFENDANTS’ OBJECTIONS AND RESPONSES TO PLAINTIFF JULIETTE 
BRYANT’S FIRST SET OF INTERROGATORIES TO DEFENDANTS 
 
Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, as co-executors of the estate of Jeffrey 
E. Epstein (the “Co-Executors”), by their attorneys, pursuant to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 
26 and 33, provide the following responses to Plaintiff Juliette Bryant’s (“Plaintiff”) First Set of 
Interrogatories to Defendants (the “Interrogatories”).  
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
 
These responses are made solely for the purpose of and in relation to discovery in the 
above-captioned action. The Co-Executors submit these responses subject to, and without 
intending to waive, and expressly preserving: (i) any objections as to relevancy, materiality, 
competency, privilege and admissibility of any documents and information produced in discovery, 
including without limitation herein; and (ii) the right to object to any other discovery requests. The 
Co-Executors reserve their right to amend these responses if and when appropriate.  Further, these 
responses are neither an admission nor acceptance of any alleged facts, including without 
limitation those stated in the Interrogatories. 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 2 of 16

2 
 
SPECIFIC OBJECTIONS TO DEFINITIONS 
 
The Co-Executors object to Plaintiff’s definition of the term “Jeffrey Epstein” or “Epstein” 
on the grounds that, insofar as it includes “any entities owned or controlled by Jeffrey Epstein, any 
employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of Jeffrey Epstein,” it is overbroad, unduly 
burdensome, vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors will interpret “Jeffrey Epstein” or 
“Epstein” as Jeffrey E. Epstein.  
The Co-Executors also object to Plaintiff’s definition of the term “Ghislaine Maxwell” or 
“Maxwell” on the grounds that, insofar as it includes “any entities owned or controlled by 
Ghislaine Maxwell, any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of Ghislaine 
Maxwell,” it is overbroad, unduly burdensome, vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors will 
interpret “Ghislaine Maxwell” or “Maxwell” as Ghislaine Maxwell.  
The Co-Executors also object to Plaintiff’s definition of the term “Massage” on the grounds 
that it is more expansive than the common use of the term and is inconsistent with the term’s usage 
in the Complaint. 
SPECIFIC OBJECTIONS TO INSTRUCTIONS 
The Co-Executors object to the time period stated in the Instructions, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  Unless otherwise indicated, the Co-Executors will 
confine their searches to the time periods at issue in Plaintiff’s Complaint. 
SPECIFIC OBJECTIONS AND RESPONSES TO INTERROGATORIES 
INTERROGATORY NO. 1 
 
List the names and addresses of all persons who are believed or known by You, Your 
agents, or Your attorneys to have any knowledge concerning any of the issues in this lawsuit, and 
specify the subject matter about which the witness has knowledge. 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 3 of 16

3 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 1 on the grounds and to the extent that it 
calls for the production of information protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work 
product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors also object to Interrogatory No. 1 on the grounds that it seeks information that is neither 
relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and 
unduly burdensome.  Subject to and without waiving the foregoing objection, the Co-Executors 
identify the following individual who may have knowledge concerning the issues in this lawsuit: 
Plaintiff.  The Co-Executors will supplement this response if any additional responsive information 
is ascertained.    
INTERROGATORY NO. 2 
 
Identify all email accounts used by Epstein or any of his employees or agents on his behalf. 
 
RESPONSE:  
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 2 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on 
the grounds it seeks “discovery about discovery,” which would result in unnecessary expense.  
Such matters are more appropriately and cost-effectively addressed in the context of the parties’ 
discussions regarding document discovery. The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on 
the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information protected by the 
attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or 
protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 4 of 16

4 
 
and to the extent that it calls for the production of information outside their possession, custody, 
and control, and is unconstrained by time. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 3 
 
Identify all telephone numbers used by Epstein or any of his employees or agents acting 
on his behalf, including beepers, Blackberry or PDA devices, cellular phones and land lines in any 
of his residences, by stating the users name, complete telephone number(s), type of device and 
name of the service provider. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 3 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
vague, overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory 
on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information outside their 
possession, custody, and control, and is unconstrained by time.  The Co-Executors further object 
to this Interrogatory on the grounds it seeks “discovery about discovery,” which would result in 
unnecessary expense.  Such matters are more appropriately and cost-effectively addressed in the 
context of the parties’ discussions regarding document discovery.  The Co-Executors also object 
to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information 
protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other 
applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.   
INTERROGATORY NO. 4 
 
Identify all employees, including each employee’s position and dates and locations of 
employment, who performed work or services in or on any property owned, leased, occupied, or 
used by Epstein, including but not limited Epstein’s homes in Palm Beach, Florida, New York 
City, the U.S. Virgin Islands, New Mexico, London and Paris, and provide the name and contact 
information of the individual who hired, trained and supervised each employee. 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 5 of 16

5 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 4 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds that it assumes facts not in evidence and that the phrase “performed work or services in 
or on any property” is vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory 
on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information protected by the 
attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or 
protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds 
and to the extent that it calls for the production of information outside their possession, custody, 
and control, and is unconstrained by time. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 5 
 
Identify all employees, including each employee’s position and dates and locations of 
employment, who performed work as an assistant, scheduler, secretary, masseuse or traveling 
masseuse for Epstein and provide the name and contact information of the individual who hired, 
trained and supervised each employee. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 5 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds that the terms “scheduler” and “traveling masseuse” are vague and ambiguous.  The Co-
Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the 
extent that it calls for the production of information protected by the attorney-client privilege, the 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 6 of 16

6 
 
The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of information outside their possession, custody, and control, and is 
unconstrained by time. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 6 
 
Identify all companies and/or persons who provided transportation services to Epstein, 
whether as an employee or independent contractor, including without limitation drivers, 
chauffeurs, boat captains, pilots, and aircraft crew, and provide the contact information for each 
listed person or company. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 6 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Interrogatory 
on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information protected by the 
attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or 
protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds that 
the phrase “transportation services” is vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors further object to 
this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information 
outside their possession, custody, and control, and is unconstrained by time. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 7 
 
Identify all females by name and age for whom Epstein or his employees or agents provided 
accommodations at 301 East 66th Street, New York, New York for any period of time. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 7 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 7 of 16

7 
 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence and on the grounds that the phrase 
“provided accommodations” is vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors additionally object to 
this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information 
protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other 
applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors also object to this 
Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-
Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the 
production of information outside their possession, custody, and control, and is unconstrained by 
time. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 8 
 
Identify by name and age all persons who gave a massage or were asked to give a massage 
to Epstein, Maxwell or a guest, or to whom Epstein or Maxwell gave a massage, at any of Epstein’s 
residences and provide the location of each massage. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 8 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of 
information protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any 
other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.   The Co-Executors further object to this 
Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information outside 
their possession, custody, and control, and is unconstrained by time. 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 8 of 16

8 
 
INTERROGATORY NO. 9  
 
Identify all dates when Andrew Albert Christian Edward, Duke of York (a/k/a Prince 
Andrew) was present in any of Epstein’s residences from 1995 to the present, and provide the 
location and purpose of each visit. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 9 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Interrogatory 
on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information protected by the 
attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or 
protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and 
to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   The Co-Executors additionally object to the 
time period stated in this Interrogatory, which is inconsistent with the time frame alleged in the 
Complaint.  The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent 
that it calls for the production of information outside their possession, custody, and control. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 10 
 
Identify all dates when Alan Dershowitz was present in any of Epstein’s residences from 
1995 to the present, and provide the location and purpose of each visit. 
 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 10 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   The Co-Executors also object to 
this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information 
protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 9 of 16

9 
 
applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors additionally object to the 
time period stated in this Interrogatory, which is inconsistent with the time frame alleged in the 
Complaint.  The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent 
that it calls for the production of information outside their possession, custody, and control. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 11 
 
Identify all dates when William “Bill” J. Clinton was present in any of Epstein’s residences, 
on any of Epstein’s helicopters or planes, at any of Epstein’s offices, or at any event hosted or 
affiliated with Epstein from 1995 to the present, and provide the location and purpose of each 
encounter. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 11 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds that the phrase “any event hosted or affiliated with Epstein” is vague and ambiguous.  The 
Co-Executors additionally object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of information protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work 
product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in this 
Interrogatory, which is inconsistent with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  The Co-
Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the 
production of information outside their possession, custody, and control. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 12 
 
Identify any telecommunications, information technology, or audio-visual technology 
company that Epstein hired for work in any of his residences or offices and provide the name and 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 10 of 16

10 
 
contact information for each individual or company listed, in addition to the residence or office 
serviced. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 12 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds that the phrase “hired for work” is vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of 
information protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any 
other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors also object to this 
Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   The Co-
Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the 
production of information outside their possession, custody, and control, and is unconstrained by 
time.   
INTERROGATORY NO. 13 
 
Identify the method or means in which Maxwell was paid by Epstein or any affiliated 
entities from 1995 to the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 13 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds that the phrases “method or means in which Maxwell was paid” and “affiliated entities” 
are vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and 
to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors also object to this 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 11 of 16

11 
 
Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information 
protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other 
applicable privilege or protection from disclosure. The Co-Executors additionally object to the 
time period stated in this Interrogatory, which is inconsistent with the time frame alleged in the 
Complaint.  The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent 
that it calls for the production of information outside their possession, custody, and control. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 14 
 
Provide detailed quantification for all compensation Maxwell received for any services she 
performed for the benefit of Epstein or any of his affiliated entities, broken down by year from 
1995 to the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 14 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds that the phrase “services she performed for the benefit of Epstein or any of his affiliated 
entities” is vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   The Co-Executors also object to 
this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information 
protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other 
applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-Executors additionally object to the 
time period stated in this Interrogatory, which is inconsistent with the time frame alleged in the 
Complaint.  The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent 
that it calls for the production of information outside their possession, custody, and control. 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 12 of 16

12 
 
INTERROGATORY NO. 15 
Identify any loans or lines of credit issued to Maxwell from Epstein or any affiliated entities 
from 1995 to the present, including the amount of the loans, the term of the loans, the interest rate 
of the loans, and any payments made by Maxwell or on Maxwell’s behalf to repay such loans. 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 15 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds that the terms “lines of credit” and “any affiliated entitites” are vague and ambiguous.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes 
facts not in evidence.   The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to 
the extent that it calls for the production of information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
the attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from 
disclosure.  The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in this Interrogatory, 
which is inconsistent with the time frame alleged in the Complaint. 
INTERROGATORY NO. 16 
Identify the dates, recipients, and purpose of the “two . . . payments, one in the amount of 
$250,000 and another in the amount of $100,000 to . . . two employees or associates of Mr. 
Epstein’s” referenced by Assistant United States Attorney Alexander Rossmiller at Epstein’s bail 
hearing on July 15, 2019. See Transcript of July 15, 2019 Bail Hearing at 9:15-20, United States 
v. Epstein, No. 19-cr-490 (RMB) (S.D.N.Y.). 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 16 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case.   The Co-
Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the 
production of information protected by the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product 
doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.   
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 13 of 16

13 
 
INTERROGATORY NO. 17 
Identify all persons who have made a claim, complaint, demand or threat against Epstein 
relating to alleged sexual abuse or misconduct on a female, and for each provide the following 
information: 
a. The person’s full name, last known address and telephone number; 
b. The person’s attorney, if represented 
c. The date of the alleged incident(s); and 
d. If a civil case has been filed by or on behalf of the person, the case number and 
identifying information. 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Interrogatory No. 17 on the grounds that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also 
overly broad and unduly burdensome. The Co-Executors further object to this Interrogatory on the 
grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production of information protected by the attorney-
client privilege, the attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or 
protection from disclosure. The Co-Executors object to this Interrogatory on the grounds that it 
seeks publicly available information and information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
The Co-Executors also object to this Interrogatory on the grounds that the terms “claim, complaint, 
demand or threat” and “misconduct” are overly broad, vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors 
further object to this Interrogatory on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the production 
of information outside their possession, custody, and control. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 14 of 16

14 
 
Dated: New York, New York 
 
April 16, 2020  
 
 
 
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP 
 
By: /s/Bennet Moskowitz 
 Bennet Moskowitz 
 875 Third Avenue  
New York, New York 10022 
Tel: (212) 704- 6087 
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com 
 
Attorney for Darren K. Indyke and 
Richard D. Kahn, as co-executors of the 
estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 15 of 16

15 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
The undersigned certifies that on April 16, 2020, I served a copy of the foregoing 
Defendants’ Objections and Responses to Plaintiff Juliette Bryant’s First Set of Interrogatories to 
Defendants, by sending them by email to: 
 
Sigrid McCawley 
Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP  
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301 
Email: smccawley@bsfllp.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP 
 
By: /s/Mary Grace W. Metcalfe 
 Mary Grace W. Metcalfe 
 875 Third Avenue  
New York, New York 10022 
Tel: (212) 704-6029 
marygrace.metcalfe@troutman.com 
 
Attorney for Darren K. Indyke and 
Richard D. Kahn, as co-executors of the 
estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-4   Filed 05/07/20   Page 16 of 16

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 1 of 59

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 
JULIETTE BRYANT, 
Plaintiff,  
                        v. 
 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN 
in their capacities as the executors of the ESTATE  
OF JEFFREY EDWARD EPSTEIN, 
Defendants.  
 
 
     Case No. 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF 
 
 
 
DEFENDANTS’ OBJECTIONS AND RESPONSES TO PLAINTIFF JULIETTE 
BRYANT’S FIRST REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS TO 
DEFENDANTS 
 
Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, as co-executors of the estate of Jeffrey 
E. Epstein (the “Co-Executors”), by their attorneys, pursuant to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 
26 and 34, provide the following responses to Plaintiff Juliette Bryant’s (“Plaintiff”) First Request  
for Production of Documents (the “Requests”).  
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
 
These responses are made solely for the purpose of and in relation to discovery in the 
above-captioned action. The Co-Executors submit these responses subject to, and without 
intending to waive, and expressly preserving: (i) any objections as to relevancy, materiality, 
competency, privilege and admissibility of any documents and information produced in discovery, 
including without limitation herein; and (ii) the right to object to any other discovery requests. The 
Co-Executors reserve their right to amend these responses if and when appropriate.  Further, these 
responses are neither an admission nor acceptance of any alleged facts, including without 
limitation those stated in the Requests. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 2 of 59

 
2 
SPECIFIC OBJECTIONS TO DEFINITIONS  
The Co-Executors object to Plaintiff’s definition of the term “Jeffrey Epstein” or “Epstein” 
on the grounds that, insofar as it includes “any entities owned or controlled by Jeffrey Epstein, any 
employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of Jeffrey Epstein,” it is overbroad, unduly 
burdensome, vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors will interpret “Jeffrey Epstein” or 
“Epstein” as Jeffrey E. Epstein.  
The Co-Executors also object to Plaintiff’s definition of the term “Ghislaine Maxwell” or 
“Maxwell” on the grounds that, insofar as it includes “any entities owned or controlled by 
Ghislaine Maxwell, any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of Ghislaine 
Maxwell,” it is overbroad, unduly burdensome, vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors will 
interpret “Ghislaine Maxwell” or “Maxwell” as Ghislaine Maxwell.  
The Co-Executors also object to Plaintiff’s definition of the term “Lesley Groff” or “Groff” 
on the grounds that, insofar as it includes “any entities owned or controlled by Lesley Groff, any 
employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of Lesley Groff,” it is overbroad, unduly 
burdensome, vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors will interpret “Lesley Groff” or “Groff” 
as Lesley Groff.  
The Co-Executors also object to Plaintiff’s definition of the term “Sarah Kellen” or 
“Kellen” on the grounds that, insofar as it includes “any entities owned or controlled by Sarah 
Kellen, any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or representative of Sarah Kellen,” it is 
overbroad, unduly burdensome, vague and ambiguous.  The Co-Executors will interpret “Sarah 
Kellen” or “Kellen” as Sarah Kellen.  
SPECIFIC OBJECTIONS AND RESPONSES TO REQUESTS 
REQUEST NO. 1 
 
 
All Documents relating to Plaintiff, Juliette Bryant, whether or not they reference her by 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 3 of 59

 
3 
name. This Request includes, but is not limited to, all communications, diaries, journals, calendars, 
blog posts (whether published or not), notes (handwritten or otherwise), memoranda, 
documentation of car services, airline tickets and/or travel itineraries, accommodations, wire 
transfer receipts, or any other Documents that concern Juliette Bryant in any way, whether or not 
they reference her by name. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 1 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors further object to Request No. 1 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that 
are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor 
proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 2 
 
 
All telephone records and other Documents reflecting telephone calls made by Epstein or 
to Epstein, including without limitation cell phone records, telephone logs, and message pads, to 
or from Epstein’s employees. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 2 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 4 of 59

 
4 
Executors further object to Request No. 2 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that 
are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor 
proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-
Executors further object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the 
production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 3 
 
 
All telephone records and other Documents reflecting telephone calls made by Epstein or 
to Epstein, including without limitation cell phone records, telephone logs, and message pads, to 
or from Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 3 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors further object to Request No. 3 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that 
are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor 
proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-
Executors further object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for the 
production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 4 
 
 
All telephone records associated with Epstein, Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff, including cell 
phone records, telephone logs, and message pads, that show any communications with Juliette 
Bryant or Virginia Bryant. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 4 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 5 of 59

 
5 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors further object to Request No. 4 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that 
are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor 
proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   The Co-
Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically 
calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and 
control. 
REQUEST NO. 5 
 
 
All Documents relating to calendars, schedules, or appointments for Epstein. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 5 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors further object to Request No. 5 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that 
are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor 
proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  The Co-
Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in 
evidence.   
REQUEST NO. 6 
 
 
All Documents relating to contact lists, phone lists, or address books for Epstein. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 6 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 6 of 59

 
6 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors further object to Request No. 6 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that 
are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor 
proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   
REQUEST NO. 7 
 
 
All Documents relating to any Amazon.com account associated with Epstein or 
Maxwell, including without limitation the purchase order history for each account. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 7 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors further object to Request No. 7 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that 
are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor 
proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   The Co-
Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically 
calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and 
control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
assumes facts not in evidence.   
REQUEST NO. 8 
 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, portraits, including film negatives or film slides, 
CDs, or any other print or electronic media depicting Epstein, Maxwell, Groff, or Kellen in the 
presence of Juliette Bryant. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 8 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 7 of 59

 
7 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors additionally object to this Request as duplicative of Request No. 9.  The Co-Executors 
additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the 
production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.  The Co-
Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in 
evidence.   
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 9 
 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, including film negatives or film slides, CDs, or 
any other print or electronic media depicting or relating to Juliette Bryant in any way. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 9 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls for 
the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, attorney 
work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  The Co-
Executors additionally object to this Request as duplicative of Request No. 8.  The Co-Executors 
further object to Request No. 9 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks documents that are not 
related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s claims nor proportional 
to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   The Co-Executors 
additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 8 of 59

 
8 
production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.  The Co-
Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in 
evidence.   
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 10 
 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein, Groff, Maxwell, or 
Kellen and Juliette Bryant or Virginia Bryant. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 10 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 10 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors further object to this Request on 
the grounds that it seeks information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 9 of 59

 
9 
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 11 
 
 
All Documents relating to any gifts or monetary payments provided to, or for the benefit 
of, Juliette Bryant by Epstein, Maxwell, Groff, Kellen, or any related entity. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 11 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors further object to this Request on 
the grounds that it seeks information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 10 of 59

 
10 
REQUEST NO. 12 
 
All Documents relating to communications between Epstein and Maxwell, Groff, or Kellen 
relating to Juliette Bryant. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 12 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 13 
 
 
All Documents relating to communications between Epstein and Jean-Luc Brunel relating 
to Juliette Bryant. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 13 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 11 of 59

 
11 
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.   
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 14 
 
All Documents relating to Juliette Bryant’s travel to and from the United States, U.S. 
Virgin Islands, France, or South Africa. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 14 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request 
on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and 
information outside their possession, custody, and control.  The Co-Executors further object to this 
Request on the grounds that it seeks information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 12 of 59

 
12 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 15 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s 2002 trip to South Africa with President William 
“Bill” J. Clinton, including but not limited to travel itineraries, information about speaking 
engagements, lists of security staff and drivers, hotel information, and meeting information. 
 
RESPONSE: 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 15 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 15 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 16 
All Documents relating to Groff or Kellen obtaining or preparing travel documents for 
Juliette Bryant’s travel to and from the United States. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 16 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 13 of 59

 
13 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds that the term “travel documents” is vague and ambiguous.  
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 17 
 
All Documents relating to any accommodations made by Epstein or his employees for 
Juliette Bryant at an apartment building located at 301 E. 66th Street, New York, NY. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 17 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 14 of 59

 
14 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 18 
 
 
All Documents relating to any modeling referral, job, audition, casting, or other 
opportunity that Epstein or his employees assisted Juliette Bryant in obtaining. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 18 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.  The Co-Executors further object to this Request on the grounds 
that it seeks information in Plaintiff’s possession. 
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 19 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 15 of 59

 
15 
 
 
All Documents relating to any service that Epstein, Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff provided or 
funded for Juliette Bryant, including but not limited to hair appointments and dentist appointments. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 19 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.    The Co-Executors further object to this Request on 
the grounds that it seeks documents in Plaintiff’s possession. 
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 20 
 
 
All Documents relating to any employee lists or records associated with Epstein or any 
related entity. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 20 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 16 of 59

 
16 
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 20 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   
REQUEST NO. 21 
 
 
All Documents relating to payments made from Epstein, or any related entity, to Maxwell, 
Kellen, Nadia Marcinkova (a/k/a Nadia Marcinko), Groff, and Adriana Ross (a/k/a Adriana 
Mucinska), including payments or bonuses for work performed, gifts, real estate purchases, living 
expenses, business ventures, and payments to Maxwell’s charitable endeavors, including the 
TerraMar project. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 21 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 21 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   
REQUEST NO. 22 
 
 
All Documents relating to any credit card, business, or store account used by Maxwell, 
Kellen, Groff, Nadia Marcinkova, or Adriana Ross that was paid for by Epstein or any related 
entity. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 22 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 22 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 17 of 59

 
17 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control. 
REQUEST NO. 23 
 
 
All Documents relating to confidentiality or separation agreements between Epstein or 
any associated entity and any employee or associate of Epstein. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 23 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 23 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence. 
REQUEST NO. 24 
 
 
All Documents relating to any house staff, employees, or individuals who were 
compensated by Epstein or any individual or entity affiliated with Epstein, during and/or after 
employment ceased, including but not limited to the following individuals: Jean-Luc Brunel, 
Emmy Tayler, Kellen, Nadia Marcinkova, Groff, Adriana Ross, Cecilia Steen, Luciano “Jojo” 
Fontanilla, Rosalyn “Lynn” Fontanilla, Juan Alessi, Maria Alessi, Louella Rabuyo, Michael 
Liffman, Cathy and Miles Alexander, Deidre Stratton, Floyd Stratton, Brice Gordon, Karen 
Gordon, Michael O’Dell, Kate O’Dell, David Barger, Larry Visoski, David Rodgers, Andy 
Stewart, Adam Perry Lang, Ryon Dionne, Bill Peadon, Francis Peadon and Igor Zinoviev. 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 18 of 59

 
18 
RESPONSE:  
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 24 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 24 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control. 
REQUEST NO. 25 
 
 
All Documents relating to Rinaldo Rizzo from 2002 to the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 25 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 25 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 19 of 59

 
19 
custody, and control. 
REQUEST NO. 26 
 
 
All Documents identifying any employees that performed work or services in or on any 
property owned, occupied, or used by Epstein. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 26 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 26 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to Request No. 26 on the grounds of and to the extent it 
seeks documents necessarily held in a capacity other than as Co-Executors of the Estate. The Co-
Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically 
calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and 
control. 
REQUEST NO. 27 
 
All Documents reflecting Your or Epstein’s direct or indirect interest or control over 
business or personal assets of any employee or associate of Epstein, including but not limited to 
articles of incorporation, power of attorneys, contracts, and meeting minutes. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 27 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 27 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 20 of 59

 
20 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to Request No. 27 on the grounds of and to the extent it 
seeks documents necessarily held in a capacity other than as Co-Executors of the Estate.  The Co-
Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in 
evidence.    
REQUEST NO. 28 
 
 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs, portraits, including film negatives or film slides, 
CDs, flash drives, memory cards, or any other print or electronic media depicting Epstein in the 
presence of Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 28 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 28 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control. 
REQUEST NO. 29 
 
 
All Documents relating to Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff including but not limited to all 
Documents relating to communications between Epstein and Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 29 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 21 of 59

 
21 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 29 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control. 
REQUEST NO. 30 
 
 
All Documents relating to any agreements (including but not limited to confidentiality 
agreements, insurance policies or indemnification agreements, employment agreements, 
separation agreements, or agreements to pay legal fees) between Epstein and Maxwell, Kellen or 
Groff, whether such agreements are written, verbal, or merely understood among the parties and 
not otherwise expressed, and whether or not such agreements were ever executed or carried out. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 30 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 30 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome. 
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 22 of 59

 
22 
that the phrase “merely understood among the parties and not otherwise expressed” is vague and 
ambiguous. 
REQUEST NO. 31 
 
 
All Documents relating to any Joint Defense Agreement entered into between Epstein 
and Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 31 on the grounds and to the extent that it 
calls for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 31 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.     
REQUEST NO. 32 
 
 
All Documents relating to or describing any work Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff performed 
for or with Epstein or any affiliated entity. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 32 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 32 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 23 of 59

 
23 
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 33 
 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein or Epstein’s attorneys and 
Kellen or Kellen’s attorneys related to the issue of sexual abuse of females. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 33 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 33 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 34 
 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein or Epstein’s attorneys and 
Groff or Groff’s attorneys related to the issue of sexual abuse of females. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 34 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 24 of 59

 
24 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 34 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 35 
 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein or Epstein’s attorneys and 
Maxwell or Maxwell’s attorneys related to the issue of sexual abuse of females. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 35 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 35 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 36 
 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein or Epstein’s attorneys and 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 25 of 59

 
25 
Kellen or Kellen’s attorneys related to the recruitment of any female for any purpose, including 
socializing or performing any type of work or service. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 36 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 36 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 37 
 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein or Epstein’s attorneys and 
Groff or Groff’s attorneys related to the recruitment of any female for any purpose, including 
socializing or performing any type of work or service. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 37 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 37 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 26 of 59

 
26 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 38 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein or Epstein’s attorneys and 
Maxwell or Maxwell’s attorneys related to the recruitment of any female for any purpose, 
including socializing or performing any type of work or service. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 38 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 38 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 39 
 
 
All Documents relating to any bank account, household account, or financial account 
identifying Maxwell in any way, including without limitation as an authorized user on the 
account. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 39 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 27 of 59

 
27 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 39 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds 
that the terms “household account” and “financial account” are vague and ambiguous. 
REQUEST NO. 40 
 
 
All Documents or other media (including photographs) describing or depicting nude or 
partially nude females, including but not limited to all Documents or other media describing or 
depicting how such photographs were displayed in any of Epstein’s various residences. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 40 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 40 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   The Co-Executors further object to this Request on the grounds 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 28 of 59

 
28 
that it seeks publicly available information and information already known to Plaintiff or her 
counsel. 
REQUEST NO. 41 
 
 
All Documents relating to any payments Epstein made to educational institutions or 
programs, visual or performing arts schools, or scholarship programs and, to the extent the 
payment was made for the benefit of another person, any Documents reflecting the identity of that 
person. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 41 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 41 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 42 
 
 
All Documents relating to any request, proposal or inquiry made by Epstein, Maxwell, or 
Kellen to any modeling agency for casting, recruitment, potential employment, and/or other 
advancement opportunities and Documents reflecting the identity of any person responding to the 
request, proposal, or inquiry. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 42 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 29 of 59

 
29 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 42 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control. 
REQUEST NO. 43 
 
 
All Documents relating to calendars, schedules, or appointments for Epstein that relate to 
visits with or communications with females, excluding immediate family members. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 43 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 43 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 44 
 
 
All Documents identifying any individuals who ever provided Epstein with a massage. 
 
RESPONSE: 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 30 of 59

 
30 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 44 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 44 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 45 
 
 
All Documents identifying any individuals who Epstein paid for sexual acts, either with 
Epstein or with other individuals. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 45 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 45 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 31 of 59

 
31 
REQUEST NO. 46 
 
 
All Documents identifying any females recruited or referred by Maxwell, Kellen, or Groff 
for work, sexual acts, or companionship for Epstein. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 46 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 46 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 47 
 
 
All Documents relating to any females Maxwell, Kellen or Groff introduced to Epstein 
for work, sexual acts, or companionship for Epstein. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 47 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 47 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 32 of 59

 
32 
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 48 
 
 
All Documents relating to any females Epstein paid to perform any kind of service, 
including but not limited to work as an assistant, massage therapist, model, private exercise 
instructor, dance instructor, or companion. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 48 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 48 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 49 
 
 
All Documents relating to massages, including but not limited to Documents reflecting 
recruiting or hiring masseuses, advertising for masseuses, flyers created for distribution at high 
schools or colleges, and Documents reflecting e-mails or calls to individuals relating to massages. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 49 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 33 of 59

 
33 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 49 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 50 
 
 
All Documents relating to passports applied for, obtained, or paid for by Epstein on behalf 
of any female recruited to work for Epstein to perform any kind of service, including but not 
limited to work as an assistant, massage therapist, model, private exercise instructor, dance 
instructor, or companion. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 50 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 50 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 34 of 59

 
34 
REQUEST NO. 51 
 
 
All Documents relating to Teala Davies, Chauntae Davies, or Anna Hanks (a/k/a Anna 
Hewitt). 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 51 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 51 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 52 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s travel, when that travel was either with Maxwell, 
Kellen, Groff or other females or to meet Maxwell, Kellen, Groff or other females, including but 
not limited to documentation of commercial flights, private flights, helicopters, boat charters, and 
car services, passport records, records indicating passengers traveling with Epstein, hotel records, 
and credit card receipts. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 52 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 52 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 35 of 59

 
35 
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 53 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s travel to South Africa between 2001 and the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 53 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 53 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in the Request, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the production 
of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 54 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s travel to Florida between 2001 and the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 54 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 36 of 59

 
36 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 54 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in the Request, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the production 
of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 55 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s travel to the U.S. Virgin Islands between 2001 and 
the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 55 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 55 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in the Request, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the production 
of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.    
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 37 of 59

 
37 
REQUEST NO. 56 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s travel to France between 2001 and the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 56 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 56 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in the Request, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the production 
of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 57 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s travel to New Mexico between 2001 and the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 57 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 57 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 38 of 59

 
38 
The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in the Request, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the production 
of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 58 
 
 
All Documents, including flight logs, identifying passengers, manifests, or flight plans for 
any helicopter or plane ever owned, leased, chartered, or controlled by Epstein or any associated 
entity, from 1995 to the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 58 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 58 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in the Request, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally 
object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically calls for the production 
of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 59 
 
 
All Documents relating to travel with Epstein of any female, including but not limited to 
documentation of commercial flights, private flights, helicopters, boat charters, and car services, 
passport records, records indicating passengers traveling with Epstein, hotel records, and credit 
card receipts. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 39 of 59

 
39 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 59 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 59 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.  The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 60 
 
 
All video tapes, audio tapes, photographs or any other print or electronic media depicting 
any of Epstein’s residences or aircrafts or inside of any of Epstein’s residences or aircrafts. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 60 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 60 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   
REQUEST NO. 61 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s ownership, lease, occupancy, use, or management of 
property located at 301 East 66th Street, New York, New York. 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 40 of 59

 
40 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 61 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 61 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   
REQUEST NO. 62 
 
 
All Documents relating to any communications between Epstein or Maxwell and Alan 
Dershowitz relating to Juliette Bryant. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 62 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 62 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   
 
Subject to and without waiving these objections and the parties’ entry into a mutually 
acceptable confidentiality agreement and (proposed) order and ESI protocol, the Co-Executors 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 41 of 59

 
41 
will search for and produce non-privileged documents concerning Plaintiff, if any exist and are 
located pursuant to mutually agreeable search parameters.  The Co-Executors are working to 
collect and process documents for these purposes and will meet and confer with counsel for 
Plaintiff about the search as soon as practicable. 
REQUEST NO. 63 
 
 
All Documents relating to Eva Dubin or Glen Dubin. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 63 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 63 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 64 
 
 
All Documents relating to Miles Alexander or Cathy Alexander. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 64 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 64 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 42 of 59

 
42 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 65 
 
 
All Documents relating to Michael Bay. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 65 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 65 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 66 
 
 
All Documents relating to former New Mexico Governor William “Bill” Richardson or 
persons acting on his behalf. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 66 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 43 of 59

 
43 
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 66 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 67 
 
 
All Documents relating to Naja Hill. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 67 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 67 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 68 
 
 
All Documents relating to Kevin Spacey or persons acting on his behalf. 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 68 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 44 of 59

 
44 
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 68 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 69 
 
 
All Documents relating to Chris Tucker or persons acting on his behalf. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 69 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 69 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 70 
 
 
All Documents relating to William “Bill” J. Clinton or persons acting on his behalf. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 70 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 45 of 59

 
45 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 70 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 71 
 
 
All Documents relating to Andrew Albert Christian Edward, Duke of York (a/k/a Prince 
Andrew) or persons acting on his behalf. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 71 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 71 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.   
REQUEST NO. 72 
 
 
All Documents relating to communications between You or Epstein and John Doe, the 
intervenor in Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 15-cv-07433-LAP (S.D.N.Y.), or John Doe’s attorneys. 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 46 of 59

 
46 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 72 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 72 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds of and to the extent it seeks 
documents necessarily held in a capacity other than as Co-Executors of the Estate. The Co-
Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically 
calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and 
control.   The Co-Executors further object to this Request on the grounds that it seeks information 
already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
REQUEST NO. 73 
 
 
All Documents relating to Frederic Fekkai, as an individual or as the owner of a hair-related 
company, including information regarding accounts Epstein maintained for hair- related services 
and the identity of any females who received hair-related services at Epstein’s expense. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 73 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 73 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 47 of 59

 
47 
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 74 
 
 
All Documents relating to Dr. Radford Goto. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 74 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 74 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 75 
 
 
All Documents relating to Andrea Mitrovich. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 75 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 75 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 48 of 59

 
48 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 76 
 
 
All Documents reflecting or consisting of communications between Jeffrey Epstein and 
MC2 Models or Jean-Luc Brunel, relating or referring to females coming into the United States 
from other countries to pursue a career in modeling, including, but not limited to, letters, notes, 
and emails. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 76 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 76 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.    
REQUEST NO. 77 
 
 
All Documents relating to Leslie Wexner or Abigail Wexner. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 77 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 77 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 49 of 59

 
49 
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds of and to the extent it seeks 
documents necessarily held in a capacity other than as Co-Executors of the Estate.  The Co-
Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it specifically 
calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, custody, and 
control.    
REQUEST NO. 78 
 
 
All Documents reflecting Your or Epstein’s direct or indirect interest or control over 
business or personal assets of Leslie Wexner or Abigail Wexner, including but not limited to 
articles of incorporation, power of attorneys, contracts, and meeting minutes. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 78 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 78 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds of and to the extent it seeks 
documents necessarily held in a capacity other than as Co-Executors of the Estate. The Co-
Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in 
evidence.    
REQUEST NO. 79 
 
 
All Documents relating to any business transactions, including real estate and other 
financial transactions, between Epstein and Leslie Wexner from 1990 to the present. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 79 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 50 of 59

 
50 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 79 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors additionally object to the time period stated in the Request, which is inconsistent 
with the time frame alleged in the Complaint. The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the 
grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.     
REQUEST NO. 80 
 
 
All Documents relating to Victoria’s Secret models or actresses who were ever in the 
presence of Epstein. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 80 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 80 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 81 
 
 
All Documents relating to any work that Epstein performed for Victoria’s Secret or 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 51 of 59

 
51 
authority that Epstein possessed over Victoria’s Secret. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 81 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 81 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 82 
 
 
All Documents relating to modeling jobs, auditions, casting calls, or other opportunities 
with Victoria’s Secret or any modeling agency, that Epstein assisted any person in securing. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 82 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 82 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 52 of 59

 
52 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 83 
 
 
From January 2012 to the present, all Documents concerning any source of funding for the 
TerraMar Project or any other not-for-profit entities for which Epstein provided funding, including 
but not limited to funding for the Clinton Global Initiative, the Clinton Foundation (a/k/a William 
J. Clinton Foundation, a/k/a/ the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation), and the Clinton 
Foundation Climate Change Initiative. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 83 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 83 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it assumes facts 
not in evidence.    The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their 
possession, custody, and control.    
REQUEST NO. 84 
 
 
All Documents relating to Epstein’s estate planning, will, or any financial transactions that 
occurred between the date of his arrest on July 6, 2019, and his death on August 10, 2019. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 84 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 53 of 59

 
53 
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 84 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.   
REQUEST NO. 85 
 
 
All Documents relating to communications between Epstein or Epstein’s attorneys or 
agents and any law enforcement entity, including the FBI, NYPD, Palm Beach Police Department, 
and West Palm Beach Police Department, relating to any criminal investigation, cooperation in 
any criminal investigation, potential criminal charges, immunity, deferred prosecution, or 
suspected or known criminal activity. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 85 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 85 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors further object to this Request on the grounds that it seeks publicly available 
information and information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
REQUEST NO. 86 
 
 
All Documents relating to communications between Epstein and Epstein’s attorneys or 
agents and Alexander Acosta, Maria Villafana, or other attorneys associated with the United States 
Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 86 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 54 of 59

 
54 
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 86 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome. 
The Co-Executors further object to this Request on the grounds that it seeks publicly available 
information and information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
REQUEST NO. 87 
 
 
All Documents concerning any action or lawsuit brought against Epstein, Maxwell, Kellen, 
or Groff, including, but not limited to, actions or lawsuits brought in foreign jurisdictions. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 87 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 87 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome.  
The Co-Executors further object to this Request on the grounds that it seeks publicly available 
information and information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
REQUEST NO. 88 
 
 
All Documents produced by Epstein or Maxwell in discovery in Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 
15-cv-07433-LAP (S.D.N.Y.). 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 88 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 55 of 59

 
55 
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 88 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome. 
The Co-Executors further object to this Request on the grounds that it seeks publicly available 
information and information already known to Plaintiff or her counsel. 
REQUEST NO. 89 
 
 
All Documents seized by any government agency from Epstein’s home located at 9 East 
71st Street, New York, New York or at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 89 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 89 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome. 
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control. 
REQUEST NO. 90 
 
 
All Documents relating to the “two . . . payments, one in the amount of $250,000 and 
another in the amount of $100,000 to . . . two employees or associates of Mr. Epstein’s” referenced 
by Assistant United States Attorney Alexander Rossmiller at Epstein’s bail hearing on July 15, 
2019, including Documents sufficient to identify the recipients of those payments. See Transcript 
of July 15, 2019 Bail Hearing at 9:15-20, United States v. Epstein, No. 19-cr-490 (RMB) 
(S.D.N.Y.) 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 56 of 59

 
56 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 90 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 90 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome. 
REQUEST NO. 91 
 
 
All Documents relating to Shoppers Travel, including records of payment to Shoppers 
Travel, communications with Shoppers Travel, or records of any airline tickets, hotel reservations, 
or other travel accommodations booked through Shoppers Travel by Epstein or his agents or 
employees for himself or any other person. 
 
RESPONSE: 
 
 
The Co-Executors object to Request No. 91 on the grounds and to the extent that it calls 
for the production of documents and information protected by the attorney-client privilege, 
attorney work product doctrine, and any other applicable privilege or protection from disclosure.  
The Co-Executors further object to Request No. 91 on the grounds that, to the extent it seeks 
documents that are not related to Plaintiff, it seeks information that is neither relevant to Plaintiff’s 
claims nor proportional to the needs of this case; it is also overly broad and unduly burdensome. 
The Co-Executors additionally object to this Request on the grounds and to the extent that it 
specifically calls for the production of documents and information outside their possession, 
custody, and control.  The Co-Executors also object to this Request on the grounds and to the 
extent that it assumes facts not in evidence.   
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 57 of 59

 
57 
Dated: New York, New York 
 
April 16, 2020  
 
 
 
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP 
 
By: /s/Bennet Moskowitz 
 Bennet Moskowitz 
 875 Third Avenue  
New York, New York 10022 
Tel: (212) 704- 6087 
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com 
 
Attorneys for Darren K. Indyke and 
Richard D. Kahn, as co-executors of 
the estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 58 of 59

 
58 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
The undersigned certifies that on April 16, 2020, I served a copy of the foregoing 
Defendants’ Objections and Responses to Plaintiff Juliette Bryant’s First Request for Production 
of Documents to Defendants, by sending them by email to: 
 
Sigrid McCawley 
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP 
55 Hudson Yards 
New York, New York 10001 
Email: smccawley@bsfllp.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP 
 
By: /s/Mary Grace W. Metcalfe 
 Mary Grace W. Metcalfe 
 875 Third Avenue  
New York, New York 10022 
Tel: (212) 704-6029 
marygrace.metcalfe@troutman.com 
 
Attorneys for Darren K. Indyke and 
Richard D. Kahn, as co-executors of the 
estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-5   Filed 05/07/20   Page 59 of 59

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit F 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-6   Filed 05/07/20   Page 1 of 4

 
 
 
 
 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
Telephone: (954) 377-4223 
Email: smccawley@bsfllp.com 
 
April 20, 2020 
 
VIA EMAIL 
 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
Troutman Sanders LLP 
875 Third Avenue 
New York, New York 10022 
Tel: (212) 704-6087 
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com  
 
 
Re: 
Bryant v. Indyke et al., Case No. 1:19-10479 
 
 
 
 
Dear Bennet: 
 
 
I write on behalf of Plaintiff Juliette Bryant in response to Defendants Darren K. Indyke 
and Richard D. Kahn, as co-executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), responses 
and objections to the Plaintiff’s discovery requests provided on April 16, 2020.  As you likely have 
anticipated, I specifically write in response to your total failure to respond to your discovery 
obligations.  I ask that we meet and confer about your lack of responses as soon as practicable.  
 
 
First, as you are aware, Plaintiff served seventeen interrogatories on Defendants.  You 
answered none of them; rather, each interrogatory is met with an assortment of boilerplate 
objections, ranging from objections to relevancy or “discovery about discovery” or assuming 
“facts not in evidence” (which is especially puzzling, given that the very purpose of discovery is 
to find such facts).  At best, these objections are deficient; at worst, they are meritless and 
borderline frivolous.   
 
 
Similarly, you have failed to adequately respond to most of Plaintiff’s document requests.  
Again, your objections are premised on conclusory objections, ranging from objections to 
relevancy and claims that certain documents are outside Defendants’ possession, custody, and 
control.  As part of your discovery obligations, “generalized objections that discovery requests are 
vague, overly broad, or unduly burdensome are not acceptable.”  Shanchun Yu v. Diguojiaoyu, 
Inc., 18-CV-7303, 2019 WL 6174204, *4-5 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 20, 2019) (granting plaintiffs’ motion 
to compel discovery after defendants “raised repeated and rote objections to Plaintiffs’ document 
requests, [] refused to provide Plaintiffs any documents whatsoever, and []answered the 
interrogatories in [a] substantially similar fashion”); see also Harris v. Bronx Parent Housing 
Network, Inc., 18-CV-11681, 2020 WL 763740, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Feb. 14, 2020) (“Boilerplate 
objections that include unsubstantiated claims of undue burden, overbreadth and lack of relevancy, 
accompanied by a lack of document production or interrogatory response, are a paradigm of 
discovery abuse.”) (internal quotation marks and citation omitted).  “A party resisting discovery 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-6   Filed 05/07/20   Page 2 of 4
BSF 
BOIES 
SCHILLER 
FLEXNER 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXN ER LLP 
401 East Las Oles Boulevard. Suite 1200, Fort Lauderdale. FL 333011 (t) 9S4 3S6 00ll I (f) 9S4 3S6 0022 I www.bsfllp.com 

 
 
 
April 20, 2020 
Page 2
 
 
 
has the burden of showing specifically how, despite the broad and liberal construction afforded 
the federal discovery rules, each interrogatory is not relevant or how each question is overly broad, 
burdensome or oppressive . . . by submitting affidavits or offering evidence revealing the nature 
of the burden.”  Harris, 2020 WL 763740, at *2 (internal quotation marks and citations omitted).   
  
Second, your relevance objections are meritless.  All of Plaintiff’s requests are relevant.  
For example, please explain how documents relating to Juliette Bryant are not relevant to her 
claims or are not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.  See 
Request 1.  Plaintiff alleges that Epstein abused her for years, organized her overseas travel on 
many occasions, obtained travel documents for her, housed her in his apartment building, and 
emailed her as recently as June 2019.  She is entitled to any document relating to her.  Plaintiff’s 
other requests are also directly relevant to her claims or the Estate’s anticipated affirmative 
defenses.  She is entitled to discovery, for example, about Epstein’s communications and 
relationships with the people who accompanied him to South Africa when he recruited her to be a 
part of his sex-trafficking operation (e.g., RFPs 15, 53, 67–70; Interrogatory 11); documents 
relating to the employees who helped him transport Plaintiff to the United States and schedule 
Plaintiff for sex (e.g., RFPs 3, 4, 29, 30, 31-38, 46-47); his pattern of enticing young models to fly 
to the United States by falsely claiming that he could get them modeling opportunities (e.g., RFPs 
18, 42, 76, 80–82); his communications with his associates who were present in Epstein’s homes 
when Plaintiff was abused (e.g., RFPs 63–66); and Epstein’s travel to the places in which he abused 
Plaintiff (e.g., RFPs 54–59). 
Moreover, Plaintiff is entitled to know the breadth and nature the sex-trafficking operation 
that she was victimized by.  See Fed. R. Evid. 415 (“In a civil case involving a claim for relief 
based on a party’s alleged sexual assault or child molestation, the court may admit evidence that 
the party committed any other sexual assault or child molestation.”).  Plaintiff alleges that Epstein 
utilized his sex-trafficking operation to recruit and abuse countless young girls and women in a 
methodical and similar fashion.  Epstein’s recruitment, trafficking, and assault of other girls in the 
same way that he recruited, trafficked, and assaulted Plaintiff would make Plaintiff’s allegations 
more probable.  See Fed. R. Evid. 401.  Plaintiff’s discovery requests are therefore directly relevant 
to the allegations in her Complaint, or, at a minimum, are reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence. 
 
Third, your objections to certain of the time periods stated in the Requests are meritless for 
several reasons.  As explained above, Epstein’s other sexual assaults would be both relevant and 
admissible in this case, regardless of time period.  Further, you have raised a statute of limitations 
defense in Plaintiff’s case, and Plaintiff has made an equitable estoppel argument in response.  
Plaintiff is entitled to discovery relevant to her equitable estoppel theory, including but not limited 
to any threats or misrepresentations that Epstein made to Plaintiff to prevent her from filing this 
lawsuit, outside of the time period during which Plaintiff was physically abused by Epstein. 
 
Fourth, your objection to Plaintiff’s definition of Jeffrey Epstein as including “any entities 
owned or controlled by Jeffrey Epstein, any employee, agent, attorney, consultant, or 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-6   Filed 05/07/20   Page 3 of 4
BSF 

 
 
 
April 20, 2020 
Page 3
 
 
 
representative of Jeffrey Epstein” is an improper attempt to narrow your discovery obligations in 
this matter.  Your objection directly contradicts the Local Rules of this Court, which define the 
word “parties” as including a defendant’s “employees, partners,  . . . or affiliates.”  Local Rule 
26.3(c)(5).  Plaintiff’s definition is proper. 
 
Fifth, your responses and objections state many times that certain documents and 
information are outside of the Estate’s possession, custody, and control.  If that is the case, please 
explain what is and is not within the Estate’s possession and control.  For example, please explain 
in detail what computers, hard drives, email accounts, telephone records, or hard copy documents 
you have reviewed and provide a list of search terms that were used and specifically list what items 
you claim to not have access to. We know that Epstein at a minimum used the following email 
accounts: 
x jeffreye@mindspring.com; 
x jeeproject@yahoo.com; 
x jeevacation@gmail.com; 
x jepstein@revonet.com; 
x zorroranch@aol.com; 
x cecilia@ellmax.com; 
x cecilia.steen@gmail.com;  
x jeffrey.epstein@centurytel.net; and 
x epsteinj@wanadoo.fr   
 
Confirm that you have accessed and searched each of these accounts and provide the 
protocol used for the search.  In the alternative, if the Estate contends that information that is 
responsive to Plaintiff’s discovery requests was destroyed, provide all details relating to the 
destruction.   
 
Please let us know your availability for a meet and confer on the following dates and times:   
x Wednesday, April 22, 2020 between 2:00 and 3:00 EST; 
x Thursday, April 23, 2020 between 3:00 EST and 6:00 EST; and 
x Friday, April 24, 2020 between 3:00 EST and 5:00 EST. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sincerely,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Sigrid S. McCawley           
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
 
cc: Counsel of Record  
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 27-6   Filed 05/07/20   Page 4 of 4
BSF 
