METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Doe 1000 v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10577 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 055.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
JANE DOE 1000, 
Plaintiff, 
CASE NO: 19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF 
v. 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, 
in their capacities as the executors of the  
ESTATE OF JEFFREY EDWARD EPSTEIN,  
Defendants. 
_____________________________________ 
STIPULATED CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT AND PROTECTIVE ORDER 
WHEREAS, Plaintiff Jane Doe 1000 and Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. 
Kahn, Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, (collectively, the “Parties” and each 
individually, a “Party”) request that this Court issue a protective order pursuant to Federal Rule 
of Civil Procedure 26(c) to protect the confidentiality of nonpublic and sensitive information that 
they may need to disclose in connection with discovery in this action;  
WHEREAS, the Parties, through counsel, agree to the following terms; and 
WHEREAS, this Court finds that good cause exists for issuance of an appropriately 
tailored confidentiality order governing the pretrial phase of this action;  
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the Parties to this action, their respective agents, 
employees, and attorneys, any other person in active concert or participation with any of the 
Under Paragraph 2(F) of the Court's Individual Practices in Civil Cases, available at https://nysd.uscourts.gov/honlewis-j-liman, "All 
parties wishing to propose a protective order must, after receiving the Court’s permission in accordance with Paragraph 1(B), submit a 
proposed protective order that conforms as closely as possible with the Court’s Model Protective Order, which is available on the Judge’s 
website. Any changes must be reflected in a redline that should be filed as an exhibit to the proposed protective order." The parties are 
granted permission to file a proposed protective order but shall do so in accordance with the instructions above.
SO ORDERED. 
5/22/2020
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 1 of 13

   
 
2 
foregoing, and all other persons with actual notice of this Order will adhere to the following 
terms, upon pain of contempt:  
1. 
“Producing Party” shall mean the parties to this action and any third parties 
producing Confidential Information. 
2. 
“Receiving Party” shall mean the party to this action and/or any non-party 
receiving Confidential Information. 
3. 
With respect to “Discovery Material” (i.e., documents, information or tangible 
things of any kind produced or disclosed in the course of discovery in this action) that a 
Producing Party has designated as “Confidential” pursuant to this Order, no Receiving Party may 
disclose such Confidential Discovery Material to anyone else except as expressly permitted 
hereunder.  
4. 
The Producing Party may designate as Confidential only the portion of such 
material that it reasonably and in good faith believes consists of:  
(a) medical, mental health and/or other health care records;  
(b) information concerning Plaintiff’s real name or personal details that could 
result in the disclosure of Plaintiff’s identity; 
(c) Social Security numbers, personal telephone numbers, tax returns, and credit 
and banking information of any person;  
(d) names of alleged minor victims of sexual abuse;  
(e) previously non-disclosed financial information; 
(f) non-public information that the producing person in good faith considers to be, 
reflect, or reveal business, marketing, financial, or regulatory information or data, 
or information of commercial value, including, without limitation, trade secrets, 
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 2 of 13

   
 
3 
contracts with third parties, or other information required by law or agreement to 
be kept confidential;  
(g) any other material the Parties agree in writing is Confidential; and 
(h) any other category of information given confidential status by this Court after 
the date of this Order.  
5. 
With respect to the Confidential portion of any Discovery Material other than 
deposition transcripts and exhibits, the Producing Party or its counsel may designate such portion 
as “Confidential” by: (a) stamping or otherwise clearly marking as “Confidential” the protected 
portion in a manner that will not interfere with legibility or audibility; and (b) producing for 
future public use another copy of said Discovery Material with the confidential information 
redacted.  
6. 
A Producing Party or its counsel may designate deposition exhibits or portions of 
deposition transcripts as Confidential Discovery Material either by: (a) indicating on the record 
during the deposition that a question calls for Confidential information, in which case the 
reporter will bind the transcript of the designated testimony in a separate volume and mark it as 
“Confidential Information Governed by Protective Order;” or (b) notifying the reporter and all 
counsel of record, in writing, within 30 days after a deposition has concluded, of the specific 
pages and lines of the transcript that are to be designated “Confidential,” in which case all 
counsel receiving the transcript will be responsible for marking the copies of the designated 
transcript in their possession or under their control as directed by the Producing Party or that 
person’s counsel. During the 30-day period following a deposition, all Parties will treat the entire 
deposition transcript as if it had been designated Confidential.  
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 3 of 13

   
 
4 
7. 
If at any time before the termination of this action a Producing Party realizes that 
it should have designated as Confidential some portion(s) of Discovery Material that it 
previously produced without limitation, the Producing Party may so designate such material by 
notifying all Parties in writing. Thereafter, the Receiving Party will treat such designated 
portion(s) of the Discovery Material as Confidential. In addition, the Producing Party shall 
provide each Receiving Party with replacement versions of such Discovery Material that bears 
the “Confidential” designation within two business days of providing such notice.  
8. 
Nothing contained in this Order will be construed as: (a) a waiver by a Party or 
person of its right to object to any discovery request; (b) a waiver of any privilege or protection; 
or (c) a ruling regarding the admissibility at trial of any document, testimony, or other evidence.  
9. 
Where a Producing Party has designated Discovery Material as Confidential, the 
Receiving Party may disclose such information only to the following persons:  
(a) the Parties to this action;  
(b) counsel retained specifically for this action, including any paralegal, clerical, 
or other assistant that such outside counsel employs and assigns to this matter; 
(c) outside vendors or service providers (such as copy-service providers and 
document-management consultants) that counsel hire and assign to this matter, 
provided such person has first executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form 
annexed as Exhibit A hereto;  
(d) any mediator or arbitrator that the Parties engage in this matter or that this 
Court appoints, provided such person has first executed a Non-Disclosure  
Agreement in the form annexed as Exhibit A hereto;  
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 4 of 13

   
 
5 
(e) as to any document, its author, its addressee, and any other person indicated on 
the face of the document as having received a copy;  
(f) any witness who counsel for a Party in good faith believes may be called to 
testify at trial or deposition in this action, provided such person has first executed 
a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form annexed as Exhibit A hereto; 
(g) any person a Party retains to serve as an expert witness or otherwise provide 
specialized advice to counsel in connection with this action, provided such person 
has first executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form annexed as Exhibit A 
hereto;  
(h) stenographers engaged to transcribe depositions the Parties conduct in this 
action; and  
(i) this Court, including any appellate court, its support personnel, and court 
reporters.  
10. 
Before disclosing any Confidential Discovery Material to any person referred to 
in subparagraphs 9(c), 9(d), 9(f), or 9(g) above, counsel must provide a copy of this Order to 
such person, who must sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form annexed as Exhibit A 
hereto stating that he or she has read this Order and agrees to be bound by its terms. Said counsel 
must retain each signed Non-Disclosure Agreement, hold it in escrow, and produce it to 
opposing counsel either before such person is permitted to testify (at deposition or trial) or at the 
conclusion of the case including any and all appeals, whichever comes first.  
11. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Paragraph 9 shall impose any limitation on 
the ability of a Producing Party to disclose its own Confidential Discovery Material. A 
Producing Party shall not be required to obtain an executed Non-Disclosure Agreement from its 
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 5 of 13

   
 
6 
own current or former employees with respect to disclosure of its own Confidential Discovery 
Material.    
12. 
This Order binds the Parties and certain others to treat as Confidential any 
Discovery Materials so classified. The Court has not, however, made any finding regarding the 
confidentiality of any Discovery Materials, and retains full discretion to determine whether to 
afford confidential treatment to any Discovery Material designated as Confidential hereunder. 
All persons are placed on notice that the Court is unlikely to seal or otherwise afford confidential 
treatment to any Discovery Material introduced into evidence at trial, even if such material has 
previously been sealed or designated as Confidential.  
13. 
In filing Confidential Discovery Material with this Court, or filing portions of any 
pleadings, motions, or other papers that disclose such Confidential Discovery Material 
(“Confidential Court Submission”), the Parties shall publicly file a redacted copy of the 
Confidential Court Submission via the Electronic Case Filing System. The Parties shall file an 
unredacted copy of the Confidential Court Submission under seal with the Clerk of this Court, 
and the Parties shall serve this Court and opposing counsel with unredacted courtesy copies of 
the Confidential Court Submission.  Any Party that seeks to file Confidential Discovery Material 
under seal must file an application and supporting declaration justifying—on a particularized 
basis—the sealing of such documents. The parties should be aware that the Court will unseal 
documents if it is unable to make “specific, on the record findings . . . demonstrating that closure 
is essential to preserve higher values and is narrowly tailored to serve that interest.”  Lugosch v. 
Pyramid Co. of Onondaga, 435 F.3d 110, 120 (2d Cir. 2006).  Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this paragraph, if the parties stipulate that specific portions of a document are both 
confidential and immaterial to this lawsuit, a party may publicly file a version of the document 
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 6 of 13

   
 
7 
with those confidential and immaterial portions redacted, and that party need not submit an 
unredacted version to the Court or file a motion to seal.  
14. 
Any Party who objects to any designation of confidentiality may at any time 
before the trial of this action serve upon counsel for the Producing Party a written notice stating 
with particularity the grounds of the objection. If the Parties cannot reach agreement promptly, 
counsel for all affected Parties will address their dispute to the Court by motion.  The Party 
seeking confidentiality shall bear the burden of establishing that the material at issue was 
properly designated as confidential.  The Parties shall treat the disputed materials as Confidential 
pending the Court’s resolution of such motion.   
15. 
Any Party who requests additional limits on disclosure (such as “attorneys’ eyes 
only” in extraordinary circumstances), may at any time before the trial of this action serve upon 
counsel for the recipient Parties a written notice stating with particularity the grounds of the 
request. If the Parties cannot reach agreement promptly, counsel for all affected Parties will 
address their dispute to the Court.   
16. 
Absent an Order from a court of competent jurisdiction, Recipients of 
Confidential Discovery Material under this Order may use such material solely for the 
prosecution and defense of this action, any appeals thereto, and any alternative dispute resolution 
proceeding intended to resolve this action with prior express permission of the producing party, 
and not for any other purpose or in any other litigation proceeding. Nothing contained in this 
Order, however, will affect or restrict the rights of any Party with respect to its own documents 
or information produced in this action.  Nor shall anything contained in this Order prejudice a 
Party’s ability to seek discovery in this and any other legal proceeding, without prejudice to any 
other Party’s right to object to such discovery.   
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 7 of 13

   
 
8 
17. 
Nothing in this Order will prevent any Party from producing any Confidential 
Discovery Material in its possession in response to a lawful subpoena or other compulsory 
process, or if required to produce by law or by any government agency having jurisdiction, 
provided that, unless precluded by applicable laws or rules, such Party gives written notice to the 
Producing Party as soon as reasonably possible, and if permitted by the time allowed under the 
request, at least 10 days before any disclosure. Upon receiving such notice, the Producing Party 
will bear the burden to oppose compliance with the subpoena, other compulsory process, or other 
legal notice if the Producing Party deems it appropriate to do so.  
18. 
Each person who has access to Discovery Material designated as Confidential 
pursuant to this Order must take all reasonable precautions to prevent the unauthorized or 
inadvertent disclosure of such material.  
19. 
If a Receiving Party receives documents or other materials that it has reason to 
believe are subject to a good faith claim of attorney-client privilege, work product protection, or 
other privilege or immunity from disclosure, the Receiving Party must refrain from examining 
the documents or other materials any more than is essential to ascertain whether the documents 
or other materials are reasonably subject to such a claim.  The Receiving Party shall promptly 
notify the producing person in writing that the Receiving Party possesses documents or other 
material that appears to be privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure.  
20. 
If, in connection with this litigation, a producing person inadvertently discloses 
information that is subject to a claim of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product 
protection, or any other privilege or immunity from disclosure (“Inadvertently Disclosed 
Information”), such disclosure shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver or forfeiture of any 
claim of privilege, work product protection, or other privilege or immunity from discovery with 
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 8 of 13

   
 
9 
respect to the Inadvertently Disclosed Information or its subject matter.  In addition, a producing 
person may use its own document (e.g., as a deposition exhibit) containing material that is 
subject to a claim of privilege or immunity from disclosure for the purpose of establishing the 
basis of such claim without waiver of any applicable privilege or immunity from disclosure, 
unless the producing person affirmatively uses or relies upon the specific material contained in 
the document that is subject to the claim of privilege or immunity from disclosure for any 
purpose other than establishing the basis of such claim.  
21. 
If a producing person makes a claim of inadvertent disclosure, the Receiving 
Party shall, within five business days, return or destroy all copies of the Inadvertently Disclosed 
Information, and provide a certification of counsel that all such information has been returned or 
destroyed, unless the Receiving Party seeks to dispute that the information is privileged or 
otherwise protected as set forth below.  Until the dispute is resolved or ruled upon, the Receiving 
Party shall undertake to keep such information restricted solely for use in connection with the 
dispute over the privilege or protection.     
22. 
Within five business days after the notification that such Inadvertently Disclosed 
Information has been returned or destroyed, the producing person shall produce a privilege log 
with respect to the Inadvertently Disclosed Information.  
23. 
The Receiving Party may move the Court for an Order compelling production of 
the Inadvertently Disclosed Information.  Pursuant to the parties’ obligations set forth herein, the 
motion shall not quote or paraphrase the substance of the document subject to the motion to 
compel beyond the description of the document contained in the privilege log entry for the 
document.  The motion shall be filed under seal, and shall not assert as a ground for entering 
such an Order the fact or circumstances of the inadvertent production in this action.  
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 9 of 13

   
 
10 
24. 
The Producing Party retains the burden of establishing the privileged or protected 
nature of any Inadvertently Disclosed Information.  Nothing in this Order shall limit the right of 
any Producing Party or Receiving Party to request an in camera review of the Inadvertently 
Disclosed Information.  
25. 
Unless the parties otherwise agree or a court of competent jurisdiction otherwise 
orders, within 60 days of the final disposition of this action—including all appeals—all 
Receiving Parties must either return Confidential Discovery Material—including all copies 
thereof—to the Producing Party, or destroy such material—including all copies thereof. In either 
event, by the 60-day deadline, the Receiving Party must certify its return or destruction by 
submitting a written certification to the Producing Party that affirms that it has not retained any 
copies, abstracts, compilations, summaries, or other forms of reproducing or capturing any of the 
Confidential Discovery Material.  Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) Discovery Materials that 
have been received electronically and that cannot be returned or destroyed must be electronically 
deleted and deleted from “trash” files, and the Receiving Party must take reasonable measures to 
ensure that unauthorized persons do not have access to Confidential information residing on the 
Receiving Party’s computer server and back-up media; and (ii) outside counsel for the parties are 
permitted to retain one archival copy of all pleadings, motion papers, court filings made under 
seal, transcripts, legal memoranda, correspondence, attorney work product, written discovery 
responses, deposition and trial exhibits, and expert reports, even if such materials contain 
Confidential Discovery Material, subject to a continuing obligation to protect information 
designated Confidential pursuant to this Order. 
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 10 of 13

   
 
11 
26. 
Nothing in this Order shall be construed as superseding or limiting the Order 
and/or Stipulation concerning Plaintiff’s Anonymity entered or to be entered in this case. In the 
event of a conflict, the terms of the Stipulation/Order of Plaintiff’s Anonymity shall govern. 
27. 
This Order will survive the termination of the litigation and will continue to be 
binding upon each Receiving Party.  
28. 
This Court will retain jurisdiction over all persons subject to this Order to the 
extent necessary to enforce any obligations arising hereunder or to impose sanctions for any 
contempt thereof.  
 
SO STIPULATED AND AGREED.  
  
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP  
  
  
 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP  
/s/   Bennet J. Moskowitz                           
 
  
 
/s/  Sigrid McCawley                                      
Bennet J. Moskowitz   
  
  
 
Sigrid McCawley 
875 Third Avenue        
  
  
 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
New York, New York 10022       
  
 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
(212) 704-6000   
  
  
  
 
(954) 356-0011 
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com       
   
 
smccawley@bsfllp.com 
Counsel for Defendants Darren K. Indyke   
Counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 1000 
and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of   
the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Dated:  May 21, 2020 
  
  
Dated: May 21, 2020 
  
 
 
SO ORDERED.  
  
  
Dated:   
  
  
  
  
_____________________________________  
New York, New York   
  
  
  
  
          
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 11 of 13

 
 
Exhibit A  
to Stipulated Confidentiality  
Agreement and Protective Order  
  
 
 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 
 
JANE DOE 1000, 
 
 
 
Plaintiff, 
 
 
 
 
CASE NO: 19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF  
 
 
v. 
 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN,  
in their capacities as the executors of the  
ESTATE OF JEFFREY EDWARD EPSTEIN,  
 
 
 
 
Defendants. 
 
_____________________________________  
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
I, _______________________________, acknowledge that I have read and understand 
the Protective Order in this action governing the non-disclosure of those portions of Discovery 
Material that have been designated as Confidential. I agree that I will not disclose such 
Confidential Discovery Material to anyone other than for purposes of this litigation and that at 
the conclusion of the litigation I will return all discovery information to the Party or attorney 
from whom I received it. By acknowledging these obligations under the Protective Order, I 
understand that I am submitting myself to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for 
the Southern District of New York for the purpose of any issue or dispute arising hereunder and 
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 12 of 13

 
 
that my willful violation of any term of the Protective Order could subject me to punishment for 
contempt of Court.  
______________________________ 
Date:  
Case 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF     Document 55     Filed 05/22/20     Page 13 of 13
