METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Doe v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-11869 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 028.pdf
----------------------------------------
Troutman Sanders LLP 
875 Third Avenue 
New York, New York  10022 
troutman.com 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
D: 212-704-6000 
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com 
April 15, 2020 
VIA ECF 
Hon. Debra C. Freeman 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
VE, 1:19-cv-07625-AJN-DCF; Katlyn Doe, 1:19-cv-07771-PKC-DCF; Priscilla Doe, 
1:19-cv-07772-ALC-DCF; Lisa Doe, 1:19-cv-07773-ER-DCF; Anastasia Doe, 1:19-cv-
11869-MKV-DCF 
Dear Judge Freeman: 
We represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, as Co-Executors of the 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, in the above-referenced actions.  We write in response to the 
“Status Update” dated April 15, 2020, submitted by plaintiffs’ counsel, Brad Edwards and 
Brittany Henderson, to Your Honor (ECF Doc. 27).  
Mr. Edwards and Ms. Henderson’s letter is accurate in several important respects: 
First: The Co-Executors have – with no legal obligation to do so – worked hard for more than 
five months to establish an independent and voluntary claims resolution program, titled the 
“Epstein Victims’ Compensation Program,” for purposes of resolving sexual abuse claims 
against Mr. Epstein.  If the Program fails to launch, it will be an extraordinary lost opportunity for 
eligible claimants to receive compensation and voluntarily resolve their claims through a 
confidential, non-adversarial alternative to litigation. 
Second: After interviewing several potential candidates to design and administer the Program, 
the Co-Executors selected the nationally acclaimed trio of Jordana Feldman, Kenneth Feinberg 
and Camille Biros, who have designed, implemented and administered extensive mass tort 
compensation programs including the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund, those 
involving the Roman Catholic Church sex-abuse scandals, the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 
the Gulf of Mexico, the Agent Orange toxic chemical matter, and several others.  (Mr. Feinberg 
in particular had been suggested by some plaintiffs’ counsel for such a role in the Epstein 
matter.)  While some plaintiffs’ counsel had their own preferred candidates, none has 
challenged the integrity, independence or extraordinary qualifications of Ms. Feldman, Mr. 
Feinberg and Ms. Biros.  As Mr. Edwards and Ms. Henderson themselves note, they have 
“gained confidence in the Estate selected Administrator, Jordana Feldman, and believes 
Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 28     Filed 04/15/20     Page 1 of 3
troutmariP 
sanders 

April 15, 2020 
Page 2
she is best suited to serve in the role as Program Administrator.” (ECF Doc. 27 p. 2 
(emphasis added).) 
Third:  The Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands, Denise George, is the only 
person who has consistently sought to defeat the Program, filing in the Superior Court of the 
Virgin Islands her proposed opposition to that Program on January 23, 2020 – months after the 
Co-Executors and plaintiffs’ counsel had worked tirelessly to commence it – and later that 
month imposing broad liens on the Epstein Estate’s bank accounts, thereby preventing the Co-
Executors from funding the Program.  As Mr. Edwards and Ms. Henderson accurately observe, 
“counsel for the victims agreed with the Program moving forward as it was prior to the 
Attorney General’s intervention.”  (Id.  (emphasis added).) Although the Epstein Estate is 
being probated in the Virgin Islands (where Mr. Epstein resided at his death and where he 
beneficially owned real property for many years before then), there are no known claimants 
residing there—Attorney General George has never suggested otherwise.   
In other respects, however, Mr. Edwards and Ms. Henderson omit facts important to 
understanding Attorney General George’s improper efforts to re-shape the Program to her own 
liking.  As envisioned by the Program, legitimate claimants will be able to learn the Program 
Administrator’s compensation determination in their cases – made entirely independent of the 
Estate, and not subject to its review – before electing whether to accept it.  Only if a claimant 
decides to accept that compensation would she execute a release of the Estate, the Co-
Executors and a defined group of individuals and entities affiliated with Mr. Epstein; importantly, 
third parties unaffiliated with Mr. Epstein would not be released.  Plaintiffs’ counsel has 
accepted that proposed release:  as Mr. Edwards notes, “we have confidence and trust in the 
Program Administrator and her independence from the Estate and the fact that the 
claimants will have lawyers to advise them about the pros and cons of any settlement, 
including what she may be giving up.  In that sense, the Program as designed, despite a less 
than optimal proposed release, is better than no program at all.”  (Id. at p. 4  (emphasis added).)  
While such a third-party release is standard practice in mass tort compensation programs  -- the 
one contemplated by the Program is in fact modeled on the release used in the Catholic Church 
compensation programs -- Mr. Edwards’ and Ms. Henderson’s clients would no doubt prefer no 
release at all, or one that would permit them to “double dip” by collecting from the Estate twice:  
once under the Program and again by suing persons who would implead the Co-Executors 
under theories of indemnification, contribution, respondeat superior or otherwise.  The Co-
Executors’ fiduciary obligations to the Estate under Virgin Islands law – and, indeed, common 
sense – do not permit them to allow such limitless exposure. 
As another example of Mr. Edwards’ and Ms. Henderson’s mischaracterizations, while the Co-
Executors readily accepted the suggestion of University of Pennsylvania law professor Marci 
Hamilton as a consulting resource for the Program Administrator on issues of child sexual 
abuse, they could not in the proper discharge of their fiduciary duties accede to Attorney 
General George’s insistence that Ms. Hamilton occupy a co-equal role with Ms. Feldman as Co-
Program Administrator.  Ms. Hamilton has no experience administering mass tort compensation 
programs and has repeatedly publicly inveighed against those associated in any way with Mr. 
Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 28     Filed 04/15/20     Page 2 of 3
troutman1' 
sanders 

April 15, 2020 
Page 3
Epstein.1  She is a zealous advocate, and not a neutral fact-finder to whom the Co-Executors 
could properly defer decision-making authority in distributing Estate funds to resolve claims 
against the Estate.   
Finally, there is no need for the relief that Mr. Edwards and Ms. Henderson now request – i.e., 
this Court’s intervention in the Co-Executors’ ongoing efforts in the Virgin Islands to establish 
the Program over Attorney General George’s repeated efforts to eviscerate it.  The Co-
Executors have sought the approval of the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands to establish the 
Program, and are awaiting a ruling from the Honorable Carolyn Hermon-Percell so that they can 
finally move forward with the Program as originally presented to that court in November 2019 
and approved by Mr. Edwards and multiple other plaintiffs’ counsel.  (We attach a copy of the 
Co-Executors’ two most recent filings on that subject with the USVI court, dated March 24 and 
April 10, 2020.)  We will of course keep Your Honor informed of the outcome of that application. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Bennet J. Moskowitz 
Bennet J. Moskowitz 
cc: Counsel of Record (via ECF) 
1 See, e.g., Marci A. Hamilton, Jeffrey Epstein and His Enablers Are Evil, But Not Special: He’s Just the 
Latest Example of a Toxic Culture for Children (Jul. 15, 2019) (available at: 
https://verdict.justia.com/2019/07/15/jeffrey-epstein-and-his-enablers-are-evil-but-not-special), in which 
Ms. Hamilton states: “One person alone could not have accomplished the full scope of Epstein’s scheme. 
You need help to successfully abuse dozens and hundreds of children, and everyone needs to pitch in to 
make it a success.” 
Case 1:19-cv-11869-MKV-DCF     Document 28     Filed 04/15/20     Page 3 of 3
troutman1' 
sanders 
