METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\United States v. Epstein, No. 119-cr-00490 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 037-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 1 of 9
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
-
V . 
-
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
X 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
X 
PROTECTIVE ORDER 
19 Cr. 490 (RMB) 
RICHARD M. BERMAN, United States District Judge: 
WHEREAS the Government intends to produce to JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN, the defendant, certain documents and materials that 
(i) affect the privacy and confidentiality of individuals, 
(ii) would impede, if prematurely disclosed, the Government ' s 
ongoing investigation of uncharged individuals; (iii) would risk 
prejudicial pretrial publicity if publicly disseminated, and 
(iv) is not authorized to be disclosed to the public or 
disclosed beyond that which is necessary for the defense of this 
action, and other materials pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal 
Procedure 16 ("Rule 16") and pursuant to any other disclosure 
obligations (collectively, the "Discovery") , which contain 
sensitive, confidential , or personal identifying information; 
WHEREAS, the Government seeks to protect sensitive, 
confidential, or personal identifying information contained in 
the materials it produces consistent with Rule 16 or other 
disclosure obligations; 
1 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 2 of 9
WHEREAS the defendant, through his counsel, consents 
to the entry of this Order; 
IT HEREBY IS ORDERED: 
1. 
The Discovery disclosed to the defendant 
("Defendant") and/or to the defendant' s attorneys ("Defense 
Counsel") during the course of proceedings i n this action: 
a) 
Shall be used by the defendant or his 
counsel solely for purposes of the defense of this action; 
b) 
Shall not be copied or otherwise recorded or 
transmitted by the defendant; 
c) 
Shall not be disclosed or distributed in any 
form by the defendant or his counsel except as set forth in 
paragraph 2(d) below; 
d) 
May be disclosed only by Defense Counsel and 
only to the following persons ("Designated Persons"): 
i. 
investigative, secretarial, c l erical, 
or paralegal personnel employed full-time or part-time by the 
defendant's counsel ("Defense Staff" ) ; 
ii. 
any expert, advisor, or any other 
individual retained or employed by the Defendant and Defense 
Counsel for the purpose of assisting in the defense of this case 
("Defense Experts/Advisors"); 
iii . 
such other persons as hereafter may be 
authorized by Order of the Court ("Othe r Authorized Persons"); 
2 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 3 of 9
e) 
May be shown to, but not disseminated to or 
provided copies of to, prospective witnesses and their counsel 
(collectively, "Potential Witnessesu), to the extent deemed 
necessary by defense counsel, for trial preparation. 
2. 
To the extent the Discovery is discl osed to 
Defense Staff, Defense Experts/Advisors, Other Authorized 
Persons, or Potential Witnesses, Defense Counsel shall instruct 
such individual(s) of the terms of this Order and that such 
individual(s) are bound by this Order. 
To the extent that 
Discovery is disseminated to Defense Staff, Defense 
Experts/Advisors, or Other Authorized Persons, Defense Counsel 
shall encrypt and/or password protect the Discovery . 
The 
provisions of this paragraph do not apply to communications 
exclusively between and among Defense Counsel. 
3. 
The Government, the Defendant, Defense Counsel, 
Defense Staff, Defense Experts/Advisors, Potential Witnesses, 
and Other Authorized Persons are prohibited from posting or 
causing to be posted any of the Discovery or information 
contained in the Discovery on the Internet, incl uding any social 
media website . 
4. 
The Government (other than in the discharge of 
their professional obligations in this matter), Defense Counsel, 
Defense Staff, Defense Experts/Advisors , Potential Witnesses, 
and Other Authorized Persons are precluded from publicly 
3 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 4 of 9
disclosing or disseminating the identity of any victims or 
witnesses referenced in the Discovery. 
This Order does not 
prohibit Defense Counsel from publicly referencing individuals 
who have spoken on the public record in litigation - criminal or 
otherwise - relating to Jeffrey Epstein . 
5. 
The Defendant, Defense Counsel, Defense Staff, 
Defense Experts/Advisors, Potential Witnesses, and Other 
Authorized Persons are prohibited from filing publicly as an 
attachment to a filing or excerpted within a filing any of the 
Discovery or information contained in the Discovery, unless 
authorized by the Government in writing or by Order of the 
Court. 
Any filings that incorporate the Discovery by 
attachment, contain any excerpts of Discovery, or incorporate 
Discovery by reference must be filed under seal. 
Nothing in 
this Order precludes Defense Counsel from using the Discovery in 
judicial proceedings in this case . 
6. 
Copies of Discovery or other materials produced 
by the Government in this action bearing "confidentialu stamps 
or otherwise designated as "confidentialu and/or electronic 
Discovery materials designated as "confidentialu by the 
Government , including such materials marked as "confidentialn 
either on the documents or materials themselves, or designated 
as "confidential" in a cover letter , index, folder title , or 
4 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 5 of 9
other identifying designation, are deemed "Confidential 
Information .n 
7. 
Confidential Information may contain personal 
identification information of specific individuals who are not 
parties to this action, and other confidential information; as 
well as information that identifies, or could lead to the 
identification of, witnesses in this matter. 
The Government's 
designation of material as Confidential Information will be 
controlling absent contrary order of the Court. 
8. 
Confidential Information disclosed to the 
defendant, or Defense Counsel, respectively, during the course 
of proceedings in this action: 
a) 
Shall be used by the defendant or his 
counsel only for purposes of the defense of this action; 
b) 
Shall be maintained in a safe and secure 
manner solely by Defense Counsel; 
c) 
Shall be reviewed by the Defendant solely in 
the presence of Defense Counsel; 
d) 
Shall not be possessed outside the presence 
of Defense Counsel, or maintained, by the Defendant; 
e) 
May be disclosed only by Defense Counsel and 
only to Designated Persons; 
f) 
May be shown to, but not disseminated to or 
provided copies of to , Potential Witnesses, to the extent deemed 
5 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 6 of 9
necessary by defense counsel, for trial preparation, and after 
defense counsel and/or Defense Staff instructs such 
individual(s) of the terms of this Order and that such 
individual(s) are bound by this Order. 
9. 
Copies of Discovery or other materials produced 
by the Government in this action bearing "highly confidential" 
stamps or otherwise designated as "highly confidential" and/or 
electronic Discovery materials designated as " highly 
confidential" by the Government, including such materials mar ked 
as "highly confidential" either on the documents or materials 
themselves, or designated as "highly confidential" in a cover 
letter, index, folder title, or other identifying designation, 
are deemed "Highly Confidential Information." 
10. 
Highly Confidential Information contains images 
of nude or partially-nude individuals. 
The Government's 
designation of material as Highly Confidential Information will 
be controlling absent contrary order of the Court. 
Highly 
Confidential Information disclosed to Defense Counsel during the 
course of proceedings in this action: 
a) 
Shall not be disseminated, transmitted, or 
otherwise copied and provided to Defense Counsel or the 
Defendant; 
b) 
Shall be reviewed by the Defendant solely in 
the presence of Defense Counsel; 
6 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 7 of 9
c) 
Shall not be possessed outside the presence 
of Defense Counsel, or maintained, by the Defendant; 
d) 
Shall be made available for inspection by 
Defense Counsel and the Defendant, under the protection of law 
enforcement officers or employees; and 
e) 
Shall not be copied or otherwise duplicated 
by Defense Counsel or the Defendant during such inspections. 
11 . 
The Defendant and Defense Counsel shall provide a 
copy of this Order to Designated Persons to whom they disclose 
Confidential Information or Highly Confidential Information. 
Prior to disclosure of such information to Designated Persons, 
any such Designated Person shall agree to be subject to the 
terms of this Order by signing a copy hereof and stating that 
they "Agree to be bound by the terms herein," and providing such 
copy to the defendant's counsel . 
However , the defendant and his 
or her respective counsel need not obtain signature s from any 
member of the defense team (i.e., attorneys, experts, 
consul tants, paralegals, investigators, support personnel, and 
secretarial staff involved in the representation of the 
defendants in this case), all of whom are nonetheless bound by 
this Protective Order. 
12. 
Except for Discovery that has been made part of 
the record of this case, Defense Counsel shall return to the 
Government or securely destroy or delete all Discovery, 
7 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 8 of 9
including but not limited to Confidential Information, within 30 
days of the expiration of the period for direct appeal from any 
verdict in the above-captioned case; the period of direct appeal 
from any order dismissing any of the charges in the above-
captioned case; the expiration of the period for a petition 
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. ยง 2255; or the granting of any motion made 
on behalf of the Government dismissing any charges in the above-
captioned case , whichever date is later. 
8 

Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB     Document 37-1     Filed 07/25/19     Page 9 of 9
13. 
The foregoing provisions shall remain in effect 
unless and until either (a) the Government and Defense Counsel 
mutually agree otherwise, or (b) this Order is modified by 
further order of the Court. 
SO ORDERED: 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
2019 
AGREED AND CONSENTED TO: 
Dated: 
July 24, 2019 
New York, New York 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
By: 
By: 
HONORABLE RICHARD M. BERMAN 
United States District Judge 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
/s/ 
Alison Moe/ Alex Rossmiller/ Maur ene Corney 
Assistant United States At torneys 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Reid Weingarten, Esq. 
Counsel for Jeffrey Epstein 
9 
