METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Davies v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10788 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 020.pdf
----------------------------------------
CUTI HECKER WANG LLP 
305 BROADWAY, SUITE 607 
NEW YORK, NY 10007 
 
MARIANN MEIER WANG 
212.620.2603 TEL 
212.620.2613  FAX 
 
MWANG@CHWLLP.COM 
 
February 6, 2020  
By ECF 
 
Hon. Debra Freeman 
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl St. 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
 
 
 
Re: 
Jane Doe 15 v. Indyke et al., 19-cv-10653 (PAE)(DCF) 
 
 
 
Mary Doe v. Indyke et al., 19-cv-10758 (PAE)(DCF) 
 
 
 
Davies v. Indyke et al., 19-cv-10788 (GHW)(DCF) 
 
Your Honor: 
 
 
 
We represent the plaintiffs in the three above-referenced cases.  As 
directed in Your Honor’s Order dated January 14, 2020, we write jointly with 
counsel for Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of the 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Co-Executors”), to provide a proposed discovery 
schedule for these cases.  The area where the parties have not reached agreement is 
indicated in italics, and each side’s position is set forth below. 
 
1. Initial disclosures under Rule 26(a)(1) were exchanged on January 23, 2020. 
 
2. Plaintiffs will provide HIPAA-compliant medical records release authorizations to 
Defendants no later than 14 days from Defendants’ request, provided such date is 
not earlier than February 28, 2020. 
 
3. The parties shall serve initial document requests and interrogatories by 30 days 
from the Court’s entry of the discovery schedule.  Plaintiffs served Defendants 
with their initial document requests and interrogatories but the parties have 
agreed that Defendants have until February 28, 2020 to respond thereto. 
 
4. Any motion for joinder of other parties or amendment of the pleadings shall be 
made by 30 days from the Court’s entry of the discovery schedule.   
 
 
 
 

PAGE 2 OF 4 
 
5. Deadlines for fact and expert discovery   
 
Plaintiffs’ Position 
Plaintiffs’ position is that the default timelines set forth in both Judge Engelmayer’s 
and Judge Woods’s Civil Case Management Plan and Scheduling Orders should be 
used, which provide for: 
 
o Fact discovery to be completed 120 days after the Court’s entry of the 
discovery schedule 
o Expert disclosures to be made by the fact discovery deadline 
o Rebuttal expert disclosures to be made 14 days after expert disclosures 
o Expert discovery to be completed 45 days after the close of fact discovery 
 
Both Judge Engelmayer’s and Judge Woods’s Civil Case Management Plan and 
Scheduling Orders indicate that those timelines be used unless the case presents 
“unique complexities or exceptional circumstances.”  Plaintiffs have few documents 
in their possession, and expect that these cases will not involve an unusual number 
of depositions.  Plaintiffs do not believe that the fact that the Co-Executors are 
defendants in multiple lawsuits makes the discovery process in these lawsuits more 
complex or time-consuming.  To the contrary, the fact that multiple lawsuits have 
been filed (including prior to these actions) suggests that the Co-Executors should 
have been working to identify and locate responsive documents many months ago. 
 
Co-Executors’ Position 
The Co-Executors’ position is that the parties should adopt a compromise schedule.   
The Co-Executors disagree that the cases Plaintiffs filed do not present “unique 
complexities or exceptional circumstances.”  Among other things, there are more 
than twenty cases pending in various jurisdictions against the Co-Executors 
concerning various time frames, parties, non-parties and alleged conduct.  Also, the 
Defendants are the Co-Executors of a large Estate, not an individual alleged 
tortfeasor.  As a result, discovery in these matters requires more flexibility than 
typical lawsuits.   
 
Separately, it does not make sense to require that the parties’ expert disclosures 
coincide with completion of fact discovery. The experts should have at least 30 days 
from the close of fact discovery to proffer initial reports. Nor is it reasonable for 
experts to proffer rebuttal reports a mere 14 days after receiving initial reports from 
each other. Thirty days is more appropriate. 
 
The original dates the Co-Executors proposed and which Plaintiff rejected, as well 
as the Co-Executors’ compromise proposals, which Plaintiff also rejected, are as 
follows: 
 
o Completion of fact discovery:  160 days from the Court’s entry of the 
discovery schedule. (Compromise proposal: 140 days.) 
 

PAGE 3 OF 4 
 
o Expert disclosures and completion of expert discovery: 240 days from the 
Court’s entry of the discovery schedule. (Compromise proposal: 200 days.) 
 
o Expert reports due 30 days from the close of fact discovery; and 
rebuttal reports due 30 days thereafter. 
 
6. The subjects on which discovery may be needed, when discovery should be 
completed, and whether discovery should be conducted in phases or be limited to 
or focused on particular issues 
  
The general subjects of each action are: (1) Mr. Epstein’s alleged abuse of 
plaintiffs; and (2) the plaintiffs’ alleged damages.  We see no reason to stage 
discovery. 
 
 
7. Any issues about disclosure, discovery, or preservation of electronically stored 
information, including the form or forms in which it should be produced 
 
The parties will confer about an ESI protocol. 
 
8. Any issues about claims of privilege or of protection as trial-preparation 
materials, including—if the parties agree on a procedure to assert these claims 
after production—whether to ask the court to include their agreement in an 
order under Federal Rule of Evidence 502 
 
The parties are conferring about confidentiality orders in these cases, and expect 
to submit proposed orders to the Court soon, which will include a standard 
clawback provision regarding privileged materials. 
 
9. What changes should be made in the limitations on discovery imposed under 
these rules or by local rule, and what other limitations should be imposed 
 
The parties have no proposed changes at this time. 
 
10.  Any other orders that the court should issue under Rule 26(c) or under Rule 
16(b) and (c) 
  
The parties have no proposed orders at this time other than the protective orders 
mentioned above. 
 
* * * 
 
Finally, with respect to Davies v. Indyke et al., 19-cv-10788 
(GHW)(DCF), in the Memo Endorsement dated January 28, 2020 (ECF 19), Your 
Honor directed the parties to submit an update addressing the status of settlement 
discussions before the Court sets a briefing scheduling for Defendants’ proposed 
motion to dismiss.  Plaintiff remains open to the possibility of participating in the 

PAGE 4 OF 4 
 
proposed voluntary compensation program if and when such program is approved, 
but it has not yet been approved.  The parties have not yet had substantive 
settlement discussions.  
 
We appreciate Your Honor’s attention to these matters.  
 
Very truly yours, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Mariann Meier Wang                   
 
 
Mariann Meier Wang 
 
cc: Counsel for Defendants, by ECF  
 
