METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Davies v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10788 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 033-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT A 
Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 1 of 12

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 2 of 12
LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT 
OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
I, JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, a resident and domiciliary of St. Thomas, United States Virgin Islands, 
do make, publish and declare this to be my Will hereby revoking all prior Wills and Codicils made 
byme. 
1 : 
I direct my Executor to pay from my estate all expenses of 
my last illness, my funeral and burial expenses, the administration expenses of my estate and all of 
my debts duly proven and allowed against my estate. 
A. 
l direct my Executor to pay from my estate, as compensation 
to each Executor for serving as Executor hereunder, the sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand 
Dollars ($250,000) to each Executor upon the completion of probate of my estate. No Executor 
shall receive any other compensation for serving as Executor hereunder; provided, however, that 
my Executor shall be reimbursed from my estate for all reasonable costs, expenses, charges, and 
liabilities incurred or paid in respect thereto, including fees and expenses of counsel or any other 
agents hired by my Executor, and my Executor shall not be liable therefor individually. 
B. 
I direct my Executor to pay from my estate the federal and 
state transfer taxes described in Paragraph B(1) of Article SEVENTH. 
C. 
I direct my Executor to pay &om my estate all expenses of 
storing, insuring, packing, shipping and delivering my tangible personal property in accordance with 
the provisions of Article SECOND. 
2: 
I give all of my property, real and personal, wherever situated, after 
the payments and distributions provided in Article FIRST, to the then acting Trustees of The 1953 
Trust ("Trust") created under that certain Trust Agreement of The 1953 Trust (the "Trust 
Agreement") dated August 8, 2019, as the same may be amended from time to time, to be held in 
accordance with the provisions comprising the Trust Agreement at the time of my death. 
3: 
I appoint DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. 
KAHN to serve as the Executors of this Will. If any one or more of my Executors fails to qualify, is 
unable or unwilling to serve or ceases to act, I appoint BORIS NIKOLIC, as successor Executor. If 
any successor Executor fails to qualify, is unable or unwilling to serve or ceases to act, I authorize 
the last acting Executor to designate his or her successor. Such designation shall be made by 
written instrument delivered to such designated successor Executor. 
A. 
If my estate must be administere-d in whole or in part in any 
jurisdiction other than the state or territory of my domicile at the date of my death, and if my 
Executor is unable or unwilling to serve in such jurisdiction, then I appoint the successor Executor 
of my estate designated in Paragraph A of Article THIRD as successor Executor in such 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 3 of 12
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 2 oft t 
jurisdiction only, provided that he or she is able and willing ro serve in such jurisdiction. If no 
Executor or successor Executor is able and willing to serve in such jurisdiction, my Executor shall 
designate a successor Executor to serve in such jurisdktion. Such designation shall be made by 
written instrwnent delivered to such successor Executor. 
B. 
No bond or other security shall be required of any Executor 
in any jurisdiction. 
C. 
Any Executor may resign in the manner provided for by the 
governing statutes of the state or territory having jurisdiction of the administration of my estate or 
in the absence of such statutory guidance, by filing a written notice of resignation with the Court 
having jurisdiction of the administration of my estate. Any Executor who resigns shall not be 
entitled to any compensation hereunder for any services rendered as Executor prior to his or her 
resignation. 
D. 
My Executor shall not be accountable or responsible to any 
person interested in my estate for the manner in which my Executor in good faith exercises or 
declines to exercise any discretionary authority or power of my Executor. My Executor shall not be 
liable for any loss or depreciation in value occasioned by reason of any negligence, error or mistake 
of judgment in entering into any transaction, in making any sale or investment, in continuing to 
hold any property or by reason of any action or omission, whether by my Executor or any other 
fiduciary, unless my Executor has acted in bad faith. In the absence of proof by affirmative 
evidence to the contrary, each Executor shall be deemed to have acted within the scope of my 
Executor's authority, to have exercised reasonable care, diligence and prudence and to have acted 
impanially as to all interested persons. An Executor shall not be liable for the acts or defaults of 
another Executor. 
4: 
The following provtsions shall apply to my estate and to my 
Executor, except as is otherwise specifically provided in th.is Will: 
A. 
My Executor has the entire care and custody of all assets of 
my estate. My Executor has the power to do everything my Executor in good faith deems advisable 
without necessity of any judicial authorization or approval, even though but for this power it would 
not be authorized or appropriate for fiduciaries W1der any statutory or other rule of law. My 
Executor shall exercise my Executor's best judgment and discretion for what my Executor believes 
to be in the best interests of the beneficiaries hereunder. Except as otherwise specifically provided 
in this Will, if two Executors are empowered to participate in the decision to exercise or not to 
exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Will or by law, such decision shall be made by such 
Executors acting unanimously. If more than two Executors arc empowered to participate in the 
decision to exercise or not exercise any fiduciary power granted by this Will or by law, a majority of 
such Executors shall be empowered to make such decision. 
B. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, my Executor shall have 
the power: 
( l) 
to enter upon and take possession of the 
assets of my estate and collect the income and profits from such assets, and to invest and reinvest 
such assets in real, personal or mixed assets (including the common trust funds of a corporate 
2 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 4 of 12
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 3 of 11 
fiduciary) or in undivided interests therein without being limited by any present or furure 
investment laws; 
(2) 
to retain all or any part of the assets of my 
estate (without regard to the proportion that any one asset or class of assets may bear to the whole) 
in the form in which such assets were received or acquired by my Executor; 
(3) 
to sell or dispose of, exchange, transfer, 
invest or loan all or any part of the assets of my estate which may, at any time, be held by my 
Executor for such sums or upon such terms as to payment, security or otherwise as my Executor 
determines, either by public or private transactions; 
(4) 
to buy and sell options, warrants, puts, calls 
or other rights to purchase or sell (collectively "options") relating to any security or securities, 
regardless of whether such security or securities are then held by my Executor, and whether such 
options are purchased or sold on a national securities exchange, and to exercise with respect to such 
options all powers which an inclividual owner thereof could exercise, ioclucling, without limitation, 
the right to allow the same to expire; 
(5) 
with respect to oil, natural gas, minerals, and 
all other natural resources and rights to and interests therein (together with all equipment pertaining 
thereto), including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, oil and gas royalties, leases, or 
other oil and gas interests of any character, whether owned in fee, as lessee, lessor, licensee, 
concessionaire or otherwise, or alone or jointly with others as partner, joint tenant, or joint venture 
in any other noncorporate manner, (a) to make oil, gas and mineral leases or subleases; (b) to pay 
delay rentals, lease bonuses, royalties, overriding royalties, taxes, assessments, and all other charges; 
(c) to sell, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge or otherwise hypothecate any or all of such rights and 
interests; (d) to surrender or abandon, with or without consideration, any or all of such rights and 
interests; (e) to make farm-out, pooling, and unitization agreements; (f) to make reservations or 
impose conclitions on the transfer of any such rights or interests; (g) to employ the most 
advantageous business form in which properly to exploit such rights and interests, whether as 
corporations, partnerships, limited partnerships, mining partnerships, limited liability companies, 
joint ventures, co-tenancies, or otherwise exploit any and all such rights and interests; (h) to 
produce, process, sell or exchange all products recovered through the exploitation of such rights 
and interests, and to enter into contracts and agreements for or in respect of the installation or 
operation of absorption, reprocessing or other processing plants; (i) to carry any or all such interests 
in the name or names of a nominee or nominees; G) to delegate, to the extent permitted by law, any 
or all of the powers set forth herein to the operator of such property; and (k) to employ personnel, 
rent office space, buy or lease office equipment, contract and pay for geological surveys and stuclies, 
procure appraisals, and generally to conduct and engage in any and all activities incident to the 
foregoing powers, with full power to borrow and pledge in order to finance such activities; together 
with the power to allocate between principal and income any net proceeds received as 
consideration, whether as royalties or otherwise, for the permanent severance from lands of oil, 
natural gas, minerals, and all other natural resources; 
(6) 
to hold all or any part of the assets of my 
estate in cash or in bank accounts without the necessity of investing the same; 
3 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 5 of 12
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 4 of 11 
all or any part of the assets of my estate; 
(7) 
to improve, repair, partition, plat or subdivide 
(8) 
to litigate, 
defend, 
compromise, settle, 
abandon or submit to arbitration on such terms and conditions as my Executor determines any 
claims in favor of or against my estate or the assets of my estate; 
(9) 
to loan or borrow money in such amounts 
and upon such terms and conditions as my Executor determines, assume such obligations or give 
such guarantees as my Executor determines, for the purpose of the acquisition, improvement, 
protection, retention or preservation of the assets of my estate, or for the welfare of the 
beneficiaries of my estate; 
( I 0) 
ro carry on for as long and in such manner as 
my Executor determines any business enterprise in which I owned any interest at my death, either 
individually, or as a partner, member, joint venture, stockholder or trust beneficiary; to sell such 
business enterprise as an ongoing business; to consolidate, merge, encumber, dissolve, liquidate or 
undertake any other extraordinary corporate transaction relating to such business enterprise; 
(l 1) 
to vote in person or by proxy any and all 
stock or securities and to become a party to any voting trusts, reorganization, consolidation or other 
capital or debt readjustment of any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company ot individual with respect to stocks, securities or debts held by 
my estate; 
(12) 
except as provided for in Sections (20) and 
(21) of this Article Fourth, to enter into any good faith transactions with any Executor individually 
or with any corporation, partnership or other entity in which any Executor has an ownership 
interest; 
(13) 
To purchase from my estate any stocks, 
bonds, securities, real or personal property, or other assets, or make loans to my estate even though 
the same person or persons occupy the office of my Trustee and the office of the Executor of my 
estate; 
(14) 
to lease, mortgage, pledge, grant a security 
interest in or otherwise encumber all or any part of the assets of my estate for any term of years 
whether or not beyond the duration of my estate (including, without limitation, any such action for 
the benefit of any of the beneficiaries of my estate); 
(15) 
to abandon any property of my estate, real or 
personal, which my Executor may deem worthless or not of sufficient value to warrant keeping or 
protecting; to abstain from the payment of taxes, water rents or assessments and to forego making 
repairs, maintaining or keeping up any such property; and to permit such property to be lost by tax 
sale or other proceedings or to convey any such property for a nominal consideration or without 
consideration so as to prevent the imposition of any liability by reason of the continued ownership 
thereof; 
4 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 6 of 12
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 5 of 11 
( 16) 
to elect the mode of distribution of the 
proceeds payable to my estate from any profit-sharing plan, pension plan, employee benefit plan, 
individual retirement plan, insurance contract or annuity contract pursuant to the terms of such 
plan; 
( 17) 
to allocate, in my Executors discretion, any 
adjustment to basis provided to my estate under the provisions of Federal and State law with 
respect to property comprising my estate, without any obligation to make a compensatory 
adjustment among the beneficiaries hereunder on account of such allocation; 
( l 8) 
to conduct 
any 
audit, 
assessment or 
investigation with respect to any asset of my estate regarding compliance with any law or regulation 
having as its object protection of public health, natural resources or the environment 
("Environmental Laws''); to pay from the assets of my estate to remedy any failure to comply with 
any Environmental Law (even to the exhaustion of all of the assets of my estate); and, as may be 
required in my Executor's judgment by any Environmental Law, to notify any governmental 
authority of any past, present or future non-compliance with any Environmental Law; and 
( I 9) to sell to the Trustee under the Trust 
Agreement any stocks, bonds, securities, real or personal property or other assets or borrow from 
the Trustee under the Trust Agreement even though the same person or persons occupy the office 
of the Executor of my estate and the Trustee under the Trust Agreement. 
(20) No executor shall directly or indirectly buy or 
sell any property for the estate from or to hjmself, or from or to h.is relative, employer, employee, 
partner, or other business associate. 
(21) No executor shall lend estate funds to himself, 
or to his relative, employer, employee, partner, or other business associate. 
C. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, my Executor shall have 
the power: 
( 1) 
to 
employ 
agents, 
attorneys-at-law, 
consultants, investment advisers (to whom my Executor has discretion to delegate my Executor's 
investment authority and responsibility), other executors and other fiduciaries in the administration 
of my Executor's duties; to delegate to such persons, or to one or more of my Executors, the 
custody, control or management of any part of my estate as my Executor determines and to pay for 
such services from the assets of my estate, without obtaining judicial authorization or approval; 
(2) 
to delegate, in whole or in part, to any person 
or persons the authority and power to (a) sign checks, drafts or orders for the payment or 
withdrawal of funds, securities and other assets from any bank, brokerage, custody or other account 
in which funds, securities or other assets of my estate shall be deposited, (b) endorse for sale, 
transfer or delivery, or sell, transfer or deliver, or purchase or otherwise acquire, any and all 
property, stocks, stock warrants, stock rights, options, bonds or other securities whatsoever, (c) gain 
access to any safe deposit box or boxes in which my assets or assets of my estate may be located or 
which may be in the name of my Executor and remove part or all of the contents of any such safe 
5 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 7 of 12
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 6 of 11 
deposit box or boxes and release and surrender the same, and (d) take any other action that my 
Executor may have the power to take with respect to my estate and the property thereof; no person 
or corporation acting in reliance on any such delegation shall be charged with notice of any 
revocation or change of such delegation unless such person or corporation receives actual notice 
thereof; 
(3) 
to pay any property distributable to a 
beneficiary under a legal disability or who has not attained the age of 21, without liability to my 
Executor, by paying such property (a) to such beneficiary, (b) for the use of such beneficiary, (c) to 
a legal representative of such beneficiary appointed by a court or if none, to a relative for the use of 
such beneficiary, or (d) to a custodian for such beneficiary designated by my Executor, to hold until 
age 21 or such earlier age as shall be the maximum permitted under applicable law; 
(4) 
to distribute to any of the beneficiaries of my 
estate in kind or in cash, or partly in kind and partly in cash, and to allocate different kinds or 
disproportionate shares of assets or undivided interests in assets among all of such beneficiaries; 
(5) 
to have evidence of ownership of any security 
maintained in the records of a Federal Reserve Bank under the Federal Reserve Book Entry 
System; to deposit funds in any bank or trust company; to carry in the name of my Executor or 
the nominee or nominees of my Executor and with or without designation of fiduciary capacity, or 
to hold in bearer form, securities or other property requiring or permitting of registration; and to 
cause any securities to be held by a depository corporation of which an Executor is a member or 
by an agent under a safekeeping contract; provided, however, that the books and records of my 
Executor shall at all times show that such investments are part of my estate; 
(6) 
to renounce and disclaim, in whole or in part, 
and in accordance with applicable law, any assets, interests, rights or powers (including any power 
of appointment) whkh are payable to (or exercisable by) me or my estate, which are includible in 
my estate or Gross Estate or over which I have any right, title, interest or power; and 
(7) 
to make, execute and deliver any and all such 
instruments in wntlflg as shall be necessary or proper to carry out any power, right, duty or 
obligation of my Executor or any disposition whatsoever of my estate or any asset of my estate and 
to exercise any and all other powers incidental or necessary to carry out or to fulfill the terms, 
provisions and purposes of my estate. 
D. 
In connection with any insurance policy or annuity on the 
life of an Executor which is included in my estate, such Executor shall not participate in the 
decision to exercise or not exercise any fiduciary power in connection with any incidents of 
ownership for such policy or annuity, including, without limitation, any decision to continue, assign, 
terminate or convert such policy or annuity or to name the beneficiary of such policy or annuity. 
E. 
An Executor hereunder may by a written notice deliveted to 
the other Executor decline to participate in the decision to exercise or not exercise any fiduciary 
power granted by this Will or by law. 
F. 
If an Executor is not empowered (because of a conflict of 
6 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 8 of 12
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. bpstcin 
Page 7 of 11 
interest, declination to act or otherwise) to participate in the decision to exercise or not exercise any 
fiduciary power granted by this Will or by law, then the remaining Executor shall be empowered to 
make such decision. If no Executor is empowered to participate in such decision, then the 
successor Executor of my estate designated in Paragraph A of Article THIRD and able and willing 
to act shall be empowered to make such decision. lf no Executor or successor Executor is 
empowered to participate in such decision, my Executor may designate a successor Executor to 
serve as Executor of my estate who shall be empowered to make such decision but shall have no 
other power or authority of my Executor. Such designation shall be by written notice delivered to 
such successor Executor. 
G. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this 
Paragraph G(1) of this Article, and except as provided in Paragraph G(2) of this Article, my 
Executor shall allocate receipts and disbursements in accordance with sound trust accounting 
principles and shall have discretion to allocate receipts and disbursements when the treatment is 
uncertain under applicable laws or generally accepted accounting principles in the judgment of my 
Executor. 
(I) 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Will, 
my Executor shall not treat any part of the principal amount of the proceeds of sale of any asset of 
my estate as income distributable to or for the benefit of any beneficiary entitled to disuibutions of 
income; provided, however, that my Executor shall treat a portion of any proceeds of sale of any 
financial instrument originally issued or acquired at a discount equal to the amount which (a) has 
previously been characterized as ordinary income for income tax purposes or (b) will be 
characterized as ordinary income for income tax purposes in the year of such sale, as income for 
trust accounting purposes. 
5: 
Where a party to any proceeding with respect to my estate has the 
same interest as a person under a disability, it shall not be necessary to serve legal process on the 
person under a disability. 
6: 
If any beneficiary under the Trust shall in any way directly or 
indirectly (a) contest or object to the probate of my Will or to the validity of any disposition or 
provision of my Will or of the Trust or (b) institute or prosecute, or be in any way directly or 
indirectly instrumental in the institution or prosecution of, any action, proceeding, contest, 
objection or claim for the purpose of setting aside or invalidating my WiU or the Trust or any 
disposition therein or provision thereof, then I direct that (a) any and all provisions in the Trust for 
such beneficiary and his issue in any degree shall be null and void and (b) my estate, whether 
passing under my Will or the Trust or pursuant to the laws of intest.acy, shall be disposed of as if 
such beneficiary and his issue in any degree had all failed to survive me. 
7: 
A. 
As used herein: 
( I) 
The term "Executor" of a person's estate 
means all persons or entitles who occupy the office of executor, administrator, personal 
representative, or ancillary administrator while such persons or entities occupy such office, whether 
one or more persons or entities occupy such office at the same time or times, and includes any 
7 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 9 of 12
_..,........ ............ ,,.---•• -,.,. .... __ --------------------------------------
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E . tpsrcin 
Page 8 of 11 
successor or successors to that office. The term "Trustee" means all persons or entities who occupy 
the office of Trustee under the Trust Agreement while such persons or entities occupy such office, 
whether one or more persons or entities occupy the office of Trustee at the same time or times, and 
includes any successor Trustee or Trustees. A reference to a person's estate or probate estate means 
that person's estate which is subject to probate administration. A reference to a person's Will means 
such person's Last Will and Testament and any Codicil or Codicils thereto. 
(2) 
The term "!RC section" means a section of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the corresponding provision of any successor 
Internal Revenue law, as in effect as of the date of my death. 
(3) 
A reference to any tax also includes any 
interest or penalties thereon. A reference to a person's "Gross Estate" means such person's gross 
estate as finally determined for purposes of computing such person's federal estate tax. 
(4) 
Whenever the singular number is used, the 
same shall include the plural, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter 
genders. 
B. 
The federal and state transfer taxes which my 
Executor shaU be obligated to pay pursuant to Paragraph B of Article FIRST shall consist of all 
federal and state estate, inheritance, succession, and similar taxes (including any federal or state 
generation-skipping transfer tax) imposed upon my probate estate or by reason of my death in 
respect to all assets which pass under this Will or the Trust Agreement. Subject to Paragraph B(2) 
of this Article, all federal estate taxes with respect to assets not passing under this Will or the Trust 
Agreement (such assets are referred to as the "Apportionment Assets") and any applicable state 
estate taxes with respect to the Apportionment Assets shall be apportioned among all persons 
interested in the Apportionment Assets. My Executor shall make reasonable efforts to collect all 
federal estate truces and state estate, inheritance, succession and similar taxes allocable to the 
Apportionment Assets from the recipients of the Apportionment Assets. Without changing the 
apportionment of taxes in this Paragraph B(1), my Executor has discretion, but is not required, to 
pay all or part of such taxes allocable to the Apportionment Assets. To the extent my Executor 
pays such taxes allocable to the Apportionment Assets, my Executor shall seek reimbursement for 
such taxes from the recipients of the Apportionment Assets. My Executor shall oot be personally 
liable for any of such taxes if my Executor is unable, with reasonable efforts, to collect payment (or 
reimbursement) from any recipient of any Apportionment Assets for any or all of such taxes 
allocable to such assets. 
(l) 
My Executor has discretion to direct the 
Trustee of the Trust Agreement to pay all or any portion of the taxes which my Executor is directed 
or obligated to pay pursuant to Paragraph B of Article FIRST and this Paragraph B pursuant to a 
written direction delivered to the Trustee under the Trust Agreement. Any taxes which my 
Executor directs the Trustee under the Trust Agreement to pay shall be allocated and paid from the 
trusts under the Trust Agreement as provided under the Trust Agreement. 
C. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Will, a 
bequest or devise to an individual who does not survive me shall lapse notwithstanding any law to 
the contrary. 
8 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 10 of 12
Lase WiU & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 9 of 11 
D. 
To the extent that the distribution to the Trustee under the 
Trust Agreement pursuant to Article SECOND shall not be effective, I give all the rest of my 
property, real and personal, wherever situated, after the payments and distributions provided in 
Article FIRST, to the person or persons named as Trustee or Trustees under the Trust Agreement, 
be to held in trust under this Will in accordance with the provisions comprising the Trust 
Agreement at the time of my death, which provisions are incorporated in this Will by reference. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have duly executed this Will this 8•h day of August, 
2019. 
9 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 11 of 12
_. _
_______ 
, .. _ , ______________________ _ 
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 10 of 11 
The foregoing instrument, consisting of eleven (11) pages, was signed in our presence by Jeffrey E. 
Epstein and was declared by him to be his last Will. We, at the request of and in the presence of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and in the presence of each other, have subscribed our names below as 
witnesses. We declare that we arc of sound mind and of the proper age to witness a wiJl, that to the 
best of our knowledge the testator is of the age of majority, or is otherwise legally competent to 
makt: a will, and appears of sound mind and under no undue influence or constraint. Under penalty 
of perjury, we declare these statements are true and correct on this 8'" day of August, 2019 at New 
York, New York . 
......1-11-~~"'6"~-£----- residing at 
\J\~\'id A· lo\O\I\ Y\,·ro 
........ .4 
__ 
:!Ja-#,,V-!1.-..tf__,_(µi4~L.I---
· _ residing at 
6,ULNOl<.A tAL/ 
11 a.o\ 
2 r 
l/223 

Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF     Document 33-1     Filed 03/27/20     Page 12 of 12
Last Will & Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Page 11 of 11 
AFFIDAVIT 
We, 
Jeffrey 
1i-· 
Epstein, 
\Auric l A. Co\on t:\i<a 
and 
6t(/,r;(}[IJ '7i/; 
the Testator and the witnesses respectiYely, whose names are 
signed to the attached instrument in those capacities, personally appearing before the undersigned 
authority and first being duly sworn, do hereby declare to the undersigned authority under p(:nalty of 
perjury that the Testator declared, signed, and executed the instrument as his last will; he signed ir 
willingly; he/ she executed it as his free and voluntary act for the purposes therein expressed; and 
each of the witnesses, at the regucst of the Testator, in his or her hearing and presence, and in the 
presence of each other, signed the will as witness and that to the best of his or her knowledge the 
testator was at that time eighteen (18) years of age or older, of sound mind and under no constraint 
or undue influence. 
_Jlin.._/Xd ___ <Jdt~· residing at 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
~ 
JEF_pRm7 E. EPSTEIN 
loO D\l'.f--Bet~ ~-bu;t f\¢1>& 
) 
)ss: 
) 
Subscribed and sworn to before me by JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, the Testator, who is personally 
known to me or who has produced fers~IJj," 
as identification, and by ~,,a_ A .Cc:...,o..., Mw?:,s;> 
a witness who is personally known to me or who has produced _______ as identification, 
and 6~ 
-r,;,u 
, a witness who is personally known to me or who has produced ____ _ 
as identification, on August 8, 2019. 
Sworn to before me this 8"' day of August, 201. 
MAal.AMAA. MBUINDBZ 
NocayPlalllira,S...ofNllwYadl 
No. G3Mll6J'7174l 
QulliliediDNllwYadtec-y 
Ccmminicn 'llpilll .... ,, 20)..z.. 
11 
