METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Edwards v. Maxwell, No. 117-mc-00025 (S.D.N.Y. 2016)
METADATA_FILENAME: 024-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 1 of 9

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 2 of 9
AO 88B (Rev. 02/14) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Pennit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action 
To: 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Virginia Giuffre 
Plaintiff 
V. 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Defendant 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07 433-RWS 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OBJECTS 
OR TO PERMIT INSPECTION OF PREMISES IN A CIVIL ACTION 
Paul Cassell, Esq. University of Utah 383 University Street 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(Name of person to whom this subpoena is directed) 
~ Production: YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following 
documents, electronically stored information, or objects, and to permit inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
See Attachment A 
Place: Laura Menninger c/o Brown Bradshaw & Moffat, LLP 
10 West Broadway, Ste. 210 
Salt Lake Citv UT 84101 
Date and Time: 
June 6, 2016 5:00 p.m. 
□ Inspection of Premises: YOU ARE COMMANDED to permit entry onto the designated premises, land, or 
other property possessed or controlled by you at the time, date, and location set forth below, so that the requesting party 
may inspect, measure, survey, photograph, test, or sample the property or any designated object or operation on it. 
I Date and Time: 
The following provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 45 are attached - Rule 45(c), relating to the place of compliance; 
Rule 45(d), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena; and Rule 45(e) and (g), relating to your duty to 
respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so. 
Date: 
05/23/2016 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
The name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
_______________________ ____ , who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Laura A. Menninger Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 150 East 10th Ave. Denver, CO 80203 303.831 .7364 
lroeooiogec@broflaw com 
Notice to the person who issues or requests this subpoena 
If this subpoena commands the production of documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things or the 
inspection of premises before trial, a notice and a copy of the subpoena must be served on each party in this case before 
it is served on the person to whom it is directed. Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(a)(4). 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 3 of 9
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
--------------------------------------------------X 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
--------------------------------------------------X 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
WAIVER AND ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE 
I, Paul G. Cassell, do hereby certify that I have received and accepted a true copy 
of a Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of 
Premises in a Civil Action dated May 23, 2016. I hereby waive any other service and 
consent to the jurisdiction of this Court as if I had been served by personal service. 
Dated this ____ day of May, 2016. 
Paul G. Cassell 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 4 of 9
AO 88B (Rev. 02/14) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects or to Penni! Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 15-cv-07433-RWS 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
I received this subpoena for (name of individual and title, if any) 
on (date) 
0 I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
0 I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness the fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
$ 
My fees are$ 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of$ 
0.00 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Date: 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc.: 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 5 of 9
AO 88B (Rev. 02/14) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Infonnation, or Objects or to Permit Inspection of Premises in a Civil Action(Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), (e), and (g) (Effective 12/1/13) 
(c) Place of Compliance. 
(1) For a Trial, Hearing, or Deposition. A subpoena may command a 
person to attend a trial, hearing, or deposition only as follows: 
(A) within 100 miles of where the person resides, is employed, or 
regularly transacts business in person; or 
(B) within the state where the person resides, is employed, or regularly 
transacts business in person, if the person 
(i) is a party or a party's officer; or 
(ii) is commanded to attend a trial and would not incur substantial 
expense. 
(2) For Other Discovery. A subpoena may command: 
(A) production of documents, electronically stored information, or 
tangible things at a place within 100 miles of where the person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person; and 
(B) inspection of premises at the premises to be inspected. 
(d) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena; Enforcement. 
(1) Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or attorney 
responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take reasonable steps 
to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a person subject to the 
subpoena. The court for the district where compliance is required must 
enforce this duty and impose an appropriate sanction-which may include 
lost earnings and reasonable attorney's fees---on a party or attorney who 
fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Permit Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or to 
permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the place of 
production or inspection unless also commanded to appear for a deposition, 
hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or tangible 
things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or attorney designated 
in the subpoena a written objection to inspecting, copying, testing, or 
sampling any or all of the materials or to inspecting the premises---or to 
producing electronically stored information in the form or forms requested. 
The objection must be served before the earlier of the time specified for 
compliance or 14 days after the subpoena is served. Ifan objection is made, 
the following rules apply: 
(i) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving party 
may move the court for the district where compliance is required for an 
order compelling production or inspection. 
(ii) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and the 
order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer from 
significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) When Required. On timely motion, the court for the district where 
compliance is required must quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(i) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(ii) requires a person to comply beyond the geographical limits 
specified in Rule 45(c); 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, ifno 
exception or waiver applies; or 
(iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by a 
subpoena, the court for the district where compliance is required may, on 
motion, quash or modify the subpoena if it requires: 
(i) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial information; or 
(ii) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that does 
not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from the expert's 
study that was not requested by a party. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(d)(3)(B), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under specified 
conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that cannot be 
otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably compensated. 
(e) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. These 
procedures apply to producing documents or electronically stored 
information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce documents 
must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary course of business or 
must organize and label them to correspond to the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not Specified. 
If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing electronically stored 
information, the person responding must produce it in a form or forms in 
which it is ordinarily maintained or in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One Form. The 
person responding need not produce the same electronically stored 
information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored information 
from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably accessible because 
of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel discovery or for a protective 
order, the person responding must show that the information is not 
reasonably accessible because of undue burden or cost. If that showing is 
made, the court may nonetheless order discovery from such sources if the 
requesting party shows good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 
26(b )(2)(C). The court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed information 
under a claim that it is privileged or subject to protection as trial-preparation 
material must: 
(i) expressly make the claim; and 
(ii) describe the nature of the withheld documents, communications, or 
tangible things in a manner that, without revealing information itself 
privileged or protected, will enable the parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as 
trial-preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any party 
that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. After being 
notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or destroy the specified 
information and any copies it has; must not use or disclose the information 
until the claim is resolved; must take reasonable steps to retrieve the 
information if the party disclosed it before being notified; and may promptly 
present the information under seal to the court for the district where 
compliance is required for a determination of the claim. The person who 
produced the information must preserve the information until the claim is 
resolved. 
(g) Contempt. 
The court for the district where compliance is required-and also, after a 
motion is transferred, the issuing court- may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena or an order related to it. 
For access to subpoena materials, see Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(a) Committee Note (2013). 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 6 of 9
ATTACHMENT A 
DEFINITIONS 
1. 
"Any" means any and all. 
2. 
"You" or "Your" means Paul Cassell, any firm with whom You have been affiliated in 
the relevant time period, and anyone acting on Your behalf, and any employee, agent, 
attorney, consultant, assignee, related entities or other representative of You. 
3. 
"Agent" shall mean any agent, employee, officer, director, attorney, independent contractor 
or any other person acting, or purporting to act, at the discretion of or on behalf of another. 
4. 
"Document" is intended to be defined as broadly as permitted by Rule 34 and includes 
every writing or record of every type and description that is or has been in Your 
possession, custody or control, or of which You have knowledge, including but not 
limited to, emails, text messages, instant messages, videotapes, photographs, notes, 
letters, memoranda, forms, books, magazines, resumes, notebooks, ledgers, jownals, 
diaries, calendars, appointment books, papers, agreements, contracts, invoices, analyses, 
transcripts, plaques, correspondence, telegrams, drafts, data processing or computer 
diskettes and CD disks, tapes of any nature and computer interpretations thereof, 
instructions, announcements, and sound recordings of any nature. "Document" also 
means all copies which are not identical to the original document as originally written, 
typed or otherwise prepared. The term "Document" shall also include all documents of 
any nature that have been archived or placed in permanent or temporary storage including 
electronic storage. 
5. 
"Communication" means any transmission or exchange of information between two or 
more persons, orally or in writing or otherwise, and includes, but is not limited to, any 
correspondence, conversation or discussion, whether face-to-face, or by means of 
telephone, email, text message, electronic message via apps such as Facebook, What's 
App, Snapchat, LinkedIN or similar, or other media or Documents. 
6. 
"Virginia Roberts Giuffre" means Virginia Giuffre, formerly known as Virginia Roberts, 
date of birth •■••• • the Plaintiff in the above captioned matter. 
7. 
"Identify" means to specify as to a "Person," the name, address, telephone number and 
any other identifying information possessed by You. 
8. 
"Person" means any natural person, individual, firm, partnership, association, joint 
venture, estate, trust, receiver, syndicate, enterprise or combination, corporation or other 
legal, business or government entity. 
9. 
Regardless of the tense employed, all verbs should be read as applying to the past, 
present and future, as is necessary to make any paragraph more, rather than less, 
inclusive. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 7 of 9
10. 
With respect to any Documents withheld on the basis of a privilege, provide a log 
consistent with Local Rule 26.2 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for the Southern 
District of New York. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
1. 
Production of documents and items requested herein shall be made Laura Menninger, 
Haddon, Morgan & Forman, PC, no later than June 6, 2016, at 5:00 p.m. Alternatively, 
you may provide the records electronically by that date and time to Laura Menninger at 
LMenninger@HMFLaw.com or by such other method as agreed upon with counsel for 
the subpoenaing party. 
2. 
This Request calls for the production of all responsive Documents in your possession, 
custody or control without regard to the physical location of such documents. 
3. 
If any Document was in your possession or control, but is no longer, state what 
disposition was made of said Document, the reason for the disposition, and the date of 
such disposition. 
4. 
In producing Documents, if the original of any Document cannot be located, a copy 
shall be produced in lieu thereof, and shall be legible and bound or stapled in the same 
manner as the original. 
5. 
Any copy of a Document that is not identical shall be considered a separate document. 
6. 
All Documents shall be produced in the same order as they are kept or maintained by 
you in the ordinary course of business. 
7. 
Responsive electronically stored information (ESI) shall be produced in its native form; 
that is, in the form in which the information was customarily created, used and stored 
by the native application employed by the producing party in the ordinary course of 
business. 
8. 
Defendant does not seek and does not require the production of multiple copies of 
identical Documents. 
9. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame of this request is from 2005 to present. 
10. 
This Request is deemed to be continuing. If, after producing these Documents, you 
obtain or become aware of any further information, Documents, things, or information 
responsive to this Request, you are required to so state by supplementing your 
responses and producing such additional Documents to Defendant. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 8 of 9
DOCUMENTS TO BE PRODUCED 
1. 
All Documents produced to You by the opposing party or pursuant to F.R.Civ.P. 45 in 
Edwards and Cassell v. Dershowitz, 15-000072, (1 ih Judicial District, Broward County, 
Florida). 
2. 
All Documents produced by You to the opposing party in Edwards and Cassell v. 
Dershowitz, 15-000072, (1 ih Judicial District, Broward County, Florida). 
3. 
All Documents or discovery responses produced to You by the opposing party in Jane 
Doe #1 et al. v. United States, 08-cv-80736-KAM (U.S. District Court, Southern District 
of Florida). 
4. 
All engagement letters by or between You and Virginia Giuffre. 
5. 
All joint defense agreements or common interest agreements to which You are a party 
that relate in any manner to any case, claim, cause of action, investigation, or other 
proceeding in which Virginia Roberts Giuffre is involved in any manner, as a party, 
potential witness, or otherwise. 
6. 
All joint defense agreements or common interest agreement to which Virginia Roberts 
Giuffre is a party. 
7. 
All Documents relating to Your formation of, association with, or work on behalf of 
Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. 
8. 
All Documents relating to any disclosures made by You to Victims Refuse Silence, Inc., 
or any person associated with Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. 
9. 
All Documents concerning any investigation by any law enforcement agency that refer to 
Ghislaine Maxwell. 
10. 
All Documents concerning any contracts or agreements between you and any other 
individual or entity that concern the publication of information related to any claim by 
Virginia Giuffre, fka Virginia Roberts that she was a victim of sexual abuse. 
11. 
All Documents or communications that You have had with any journalist, reporter, 
producer, author, director, or any employee or agent of the same, including without 
limitation Sharon Churcher, which relate or refer to Virginia Giuffre, Ghislaine Maxwell 
or Jeffrey Epstein. 
12. 
All documents or communications concerning any payments made to you arising out of 
your representation of Virginia Roberts Giuffre or Victims Refuse Silence. 

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 24-1     Filed 12/16/16     Page 9 of 9
13. 
All documents or communications concerning any payments to you, Virginia Roberts 
Giuffre, or Victims Refuse Silence from or on behalf of any media organization. The 
term "media organization" means "a person or entity engaged in disseminating 
information to the general public through a newspaper, magazine, other publication, 
radio, television, cable television, or other medium of mass communication." 2 USCS § 
1602. 
14. 
Please make available for inspection and copying the original of all photographs in your 
possession of Virginia Roberts Giuffre, including, but not limited to, all photographs 
appearing in any court papers, printed in any media publication or provided to any media 
organization. 
