METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Edwards v. Maxwell, No. 117-mc-00025 (S.D.N.Y. 2016)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001.pdf
----------------------------------------
Jack Scarola  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
Attorney E-Mail(s):  jsx@searcylaw.com and  
 
 
 
    
 
          mep@searcylaw.com 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
Fax: 
(561) 383-9451 
 
Attorney for Bradley J. Edwards 
 
 
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
 
In re:  SUBPOENA TO BRADLEY J. 
EDWARDS 
 
Underlying case: 
 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, Plaintiff 
 
v.  
 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant 
 
No. 15-cv-07433-RWS (S.D.N.Y.) 
 
 
 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS’ MOTION TO 
QUASH SUBPOENA OR, IN THE 
ALTERNATIVE, FOR A PROTECTIVE 
ORDER AND INCORPORATED 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
 
 
Case No.  
 
 
 
 
Subpoena respondent Bradley J. Edwards, a non-party and attorney for the Plaintiff in the 
Giuffre v. Maxwell action, hereby moves to quash the subpoena served on him by Ghislaine 
Maxwell, the Defendant in the Giuffre v. Maxwell action.   
BASIS FOR RELIEF REQUESTED 
 
Edwards requests that this Court quash the subpoena issued by Defendant Maxwell to 
Edwards or, in the alternative, enter a protective order barring Maxwell from enforcing the 
subpoena.  The bases for Edwards’ motion, which are set forth more fully in the Memorandum of 
Legal Authority below, are as follows: 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 1 of 21

 
2
1) 
The subpoena subjects Edwards to undue burden. 
2) 
The information sought in the subpoena is not reasonably calculated to lead to the  
 
discovery of admissible evidence. 
3) 
Maxwell has the ability to obtain the information sought in the subpoena directly  
from other persons, including (for example) a person with whom she has a joint 
defense agreement.   
4) 
Maxwell has failed her duty, imposed by Federal Rule of Civil Procedure  
 
45(c)(1), to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on Edwards. 
5) 
Maxwell seeks privileged information about Edwards’ confidential attorney-client  
 
and work-product protected communications. 
6) 
Maxwell has not provided the required notice of subpoena for a nonparty under  
 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45(a)(4). 
 
STATEMENT OF FACTS SUPPORTING REQUEST FOR RELIEF 
1. 
Edwards is a Florida attorney who maintains his office in Fort Lauderdale, 
Florida.     
2. 
Edwards is a counsel of record for Plaintiff Virginia L. Giuffre in the case Giuffre 
v. Maxwell, No. 15-cv-07433-RWS (S.D.N.Y.).  Other counsel of record include: Sigrid S. 
McCawley and Meredith Schulz of Boies, Schiller & Flexner, LLP (Ft. Lauderdale, Florida), and 
Paul G. Cassell who maintains his law office at the University of Utah (Salt Lake City, Utah).     
3. 
In Giuffre v. Maxwell, Ms. Giuffre alleges that she was defamed by Defendant 
Maxwell when Maxwell called her a “liar” and otherwise challenged the accuracy of Ms. 
Giuffre’s statements that Maxwell was involved in her sexual abuse.  See Declaration of Bradley 
J. Edwards in Support of Edwards’ Motion to Quash (“Edwards Decl.”), Exhibit 1 (Giuffre v. 
Maxwell Complaint). 
4. 
Edwards has received a subpoena to produce numerous documents in the Giuffre 
v. Maxwell case.  Edwards Decl., Ex. 2. Edwards is not a party to that case.   
5. 
The subpoena requests the production of fourteen different categories of 
documents (referred to in this motion as RFPs 1 through 20).  Under the subpoena, RFPs #1 and 
#2 are all documents produced by Edwards or received by Edwards in a case styled Edwards and 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 2 of 21

 
3
Cassell v. Dershowitz, 15-000072 (17th Judicial District, Broward County, Florida).  The 
production at issue in that case spanned several thousand pages of documents.  Edwards Decl., 
Ex. 3 at ¶ 5.  Production from Dershowitz came in several different stages, and various 
productions involved assertions of privilege.  Production to Dershowitz of documents and receipt 
of documents in that case was handled by Edwards’ attorney.  Id.  While Edwards has many of 
the documents that were produced or received, he did not comprehensively maintain records of 
the exact documents produced or received, because he was the Plaintiff, and not the attorney in 
that case.  Id.   
6. 
While Defendant Maxwell has subpoenaed Edwards to produce various 
documents associated with the Dershowitz case, she is in a common interest agreement with 
Dershowitz.  See Edwards Decl., Ex. 4 at 471, 507-31, particularly at 524-28 (excerpts from 
deposition of Alan Dershowitz during which, on instructions from Mr. Epstein’s attorney Mr. 
Indyke, Dershowitz refuses to answer deposition questions about Maxwell based on a common 
interest agreement with her).  When Maxwell was asked to produce documents related to any 
joint defense agreement entered into between her and Dershowitz, she responded: “Ms. Maxwell 
objects to this Request to the extent it seeks documents or information protected by the 
attorney/client privilege, the work-product doctrine, the common interest privilege or any other 
applicable privilege.  Subject to and without waiver of the foregoing, Defendant has been unable 
to locate any documents responsive to this Request.”  Edwards Decl., Ex. 5 at 8. 
7. 
RFP’s #3, #4, and #5 seek to force Edwards to produce voluminous documents in 
the case known as Epstein v. Edwards et al., Case No. 50-20009 CA 04080XXXXMBAG (15th 
Jud. Cir., West Palm Beach, Florida).   Edwards Decl. at ¶ 12.  Production of those documents 
would be very burdensome, because Edwards’ files are not organized to differentiate the 
production in that case from materials associated with other cases.  Id.  Additionally, Edwards 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 3 of 21

 
4
was a party Plaintiff and not the attorney of record in that case as well.  Incidentally, Defendant 
Maxwell is also in a joint defense agreement with the other party in the case, Jeffrey Epstein.  Id. 
at ¶ 13.   
8. 
RFP #6 in the subpoena seeks discovery from the case Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 
2 v. United States, No. 9:08-cv-80736-MARRA (S.D. Fla.).  Edwards is an attorney in that case, 
along with co-counsel Paul G. Cassell.  Edwards and Cassell filed the case in July of 2008 and 
have been handling the matter ever since on a pro bono basis.  Edwards Decl. Ex. ¶ 14.  The case 
currently has 393 docket entries.   
9. 
Edwards and Cassell represent Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 in the action, brought 
under the Crime Victims’ Rights Act (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. § 3771.  This CVRA action alleges that 
the Government negotiated a non-prosecution agreement with sex abuser Jeffrey Epstein, and 
then concealed the agreement from Epstein’s victims, including Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and 
other similarly situated victims.  See Edwards Decl., Ex. 5 (complaint in Jane Doe 1 v. United 
States).  Edwards and Cassell filed motion to join on behalf of Jane Doe 3 (Ms. Giuffre) and Jane 
Doe 4, which was denied.   
10. 
Over the course of the nearly eight years of litigation in the case, the Government 
has produced in discovery correspondence between attorneys for Jeffrey Epstein and itself (i.e., 
the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida and other components of the 
Justice Department).  That correspondence has been produced in multiple steps and amounts to 
hundreds of pages (if not thousands of pages) of material.  See Edwards Decl. at ¶ 15.   
11. 
On February 10, 2016, Edwards and Cassell filed a sixty-page motion for 
summary judgment that included 140 exhibits.  DE 361 & 362, No. 9:08-cv-80736-MARRA.  
Those exhibits are not under seal. 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 4 of 21

 
5
12. 
Apart from correspondence in the public case file, the Discovery produced by the 
Government in the Jane Doe 1 v. United States case is currently subject to a protective order.  
Does v. United States, DE 326 at 4. 
13. 
RFP #7 seeks engagement letters between Edwards and Ms. Giuffre.  Such 
materials can be, and have been, sought and produced in the Giuffre v. Maxwell action.  Edwards 
Decl. at ¶ 16.   
14. 
RPFs #8 and #9 seek joint defense agreements to which Ms. Giuffre is a party.  
These documents can be, and have been, sought and produced in the Giuffre v. Maxwell action.  
Edwards Decl. at ¶ 17.   
15. 
RFPs #10 and #11 seek documents relating to Edwards’ work on behalf of a 
Florida corporation, Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. (“VRS”).   Maxwell has already filed a 
subpoena to VRS for materials that might be relevant to this case.  Edwards Decl., Ex. 3 (VRS 
subpoena).  Moreover, any work Edwards would have done for the corporation would have been 
as an attorney and would have been protected by the attorney-client privilege.  Edwards Decl. at 
¶ 18. 
16. 
RFP #11 seeks any disclosures made to Edwards by Victims Refuse Silence, Inc., 
and “any person associated with Victims Refuse Silence, Inc.”  It appears to be undisputed that 
Ms. Giuffre is a person associated with VRS, and she is also a client of Edwards.  Edwards Decl. 
at ¶ 19. 
17. 
RFP #12 seeks documents relating “to any disclosures made by You by Virginia 
Roberts Giuffre, or consents provided to You by Virginia Roberts Giuffre, pursuant to any of the 
Florida Rules of Professional Conduct.”  Any such materials would involve confidential 
attorney-client communications.  Edwards Decl. at ¶ 20. 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 5 of 21

 
6
18. 
RFP #13 seeks to have Edwards produce documents “concerning any 
investigation by any law enforcement agency that refer to Ghislaine Maxwell.”  Such documents 
can be, and have been, sought in the Giuffre v. Maxwell action.  Counsel for Ms. Giuffre have 
asserted privilege over the documents and submitted those documents for in camera review by 
Judge Sweet. See Giuffre v. Maxwell, DE 128 at 1 (“Plaintiff Virginia Giuffre hereby notifies the 
Defendant of her submission of law enforcement materials to the Honorable Judge Robert W. 
Sweet for in camera review . . . .”).  That review is on-going at this time. 
19. 
RFP #15 seeks all documents with any “journalist, reporter, producer, author, 
director, or any employee or agent of the same” which “relate or refer to Virginia Giuffre, 
Ghislaine Maxwell or Jeffrey Epstein.” Edwards has been working on the CVRA case, which 
“relates” to Epstein since July 2008.  Edwards Decl. at ¶ 21.  During that nearly eight year period 
of time, he has received approximately 200,000 emails and sent approximately 80,000 emails.  
Id. at ¶ 22.  It would be significantly burdensome for Edwards to have to search through those 
emails to try to identify communications with “journalists.” 
MEMORANDUM OF LEGAL AUTHORITY 
THE SUBPOENA SUBJECTS EDWADS TO AN UNDUE BURDEN AND SHOULD BE 
QUASHED OR A PROTECTIVE ORDER SHOULD BE ENTERED 
 
 
Defendant Maxwell has served a subpoena on Edwards as an attorney for the party 
against whom she is litigating.  The subpoena appears to be designed not to secure important 
information in the case but rather to unduly burden the Edwards with the obligation to respond.  
Much, if not all, of the information can be secured from other sources and in other ways.  And 
most, if not all of the remaining material, is protected by attorney-client or work-product 
protection.  Accordingly, the subpoena should be quashed or, in the alternative, a protective 
order should be entered.   
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 6 of 21

 
7
 
I.  The Legal Standards  
 
 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 sets out the procedures for serving and responding to 
subpoenas.  For a subpoena requiring the production of documents, Rule 45 requires that “notice 
and a copy of the subpoena must be served on each party” before service on the person to whom 
it is directed.  Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(a)(4).1  Rule 45 also requires that a party issuing a subpoena 
“must take reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a person subject to 
the subpoena.”  Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c)(1).  The Rule further states that “[t]he issuing court must 
enforce this duty and impose an appropriate sanction — which may include lost earnings and 
reasonable attorney's fees — on a party or attorney who fails to comply.”  Id.  The Rule also 
states that, upon a timely motion, “the issuing court must quash or modify a subpoena that . . . 
subjects a person to undue burden.”  Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(c)(3)(A)(iv). 
 
“Courts are required to balance the need for discovery against the burden imposed on the 
person ordered to produce documents, and the status of a person as a non-party is a factor that 
weighs against disclosure.”  Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v. Kirk’s Tire & Auto Servicenter, 211 
F.R.D. 658, 662-663 (D. Kan. 2003).  Accord Amini Innovation Corp. v. McFerran Home 
Furnishings, Inc., 300 F.R.D. 406, 409 (C.D. Cal. 2014).  See also Dart Industries Co., Inc. v. 
Westwood Chemical Co., 649 F.2d 646 (9th Cir.1980) (“While discovery is a valuable right and 
should not be unnecessarily restricted, the ‘necessary’ restriction may be broader when a non-
party is the target of discovery.”); Katz v. Batavia Marine & Sporting Supplies, Inc., 984 F.2d 
422, 424 (Fed.Cir.1993) (“Although Rule 26(b) applies equally to discovery of nonparties, the 
fact of nonparty status may be considered by the court in weighing the burdens imposed in the 
circumstances.”);  Travelers Indemnity Co. v. Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., 228 F.R.D. 111, 113 
                                                          
1 Defendant Maxwell has failed to provide any such notice of service to Giuffre.  Under the local rules, this makes 
the service of the subpoena on Cassell technically defective.  See FRCP 45-1 (forbidding service of a subpoena on a 
non-party requiring production of documents until four days after the service of the notice f the subpoena).   
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 7 of 21

 
8
(D. Conn. 2005) (“An evaluation of undue burden requires the court to weigh the burden to the 
subpoenaed party against the value of the information to the serving party.”)  Indeed, “concern 
for the unwanted burden thrust upon non-parties is a factor entitled to special weight in 
evaluating the balance of competing needs” in a Rule 45 inquiry.  Amini Innovation Corp. v. 
McFerran Home Furnishings, Inc., 300 F.R.D. 406, 409 (C.D. Cal. 2014).  “Whether a subpoena 
imposes an ‘undue burden’ depends on such factors as relevance, the need of the party for the 
documents, the breadth of the document request, the time period covered by it, the particularity 
with which the documents are described and the burden imposed.”  Travelers, 228 F.R.D. at 113 
(internal quotation marks omitted).  “The determination of issues of burden and reasonableness is 
committed to the sound discretion of the trial court.”  Id. 
 
In addition, of particular importance here, numerous federal district courts have 
determined that a subpoena to a non-party seeking the production of documents constitutes an 
“undue burden” on the subpoena respondent when the issuer of the subpoena can obtain (or 
already has obtained) the documents or testimony from a party to the action.  See Moon v. SCP 
Pool Corp., 232 F.R.D. 633 (C.D. Cal. 2005); Travelers, 228 F.R.D. at 113-114; Jones v. 
Hirschfeld, 219 F.R.D. 71, 78 (S.D.N.Y. 2003); Amini Innovation Corp. v. McFerran Home 
Furnishings, Inc., 300 F.R.D. 406, 410 (C.D. Cal. 2014); Precourt v. Fairbank Reconstruction 
Corp., 280 F.R.D. 462, 467 (D.S.D.2011) (“If the party seeking information can easily obtain the 
same information without burdening the non-party, the court will quash the subpoena.”); Brown 
v. City of Syracuse, 648 F.Supp.2d 461, 466 (N.D.N.Y.2009) (when balancing hardships between 
requesting party and non-party, court should consider whether there are other sources for 
obtaining the material); Arthrex, Inc. v. Parcus Medical, LLC, 2011 WL 6415540, at *6 
(S.D.Ind. Dec. 21, 2011) (“A party’s ability to obtain documents from a source with which it is 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 8 of 21
-

 
9
litigating is a good reason to forbid it from burdening a non-party with production of those same 
requests.”). 
 
Moreover, district courts have also ruled that a subpoena to a non-party represents an 
“undue burden” if the information sought is not relevant pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil 
Procedure 26(b)(1).  See Moon v. SCP Pool Corp., 232 F.R.D. 633 (C.D. Cal. 2005); Jones v. 
Hirshfeld, 219 F.R.D. 71 (S.D.N.Y. 2003).  “Although irrelevance is not among the litany of 
enumerated reasons for quashing a subpoena found in Rule 45, courts have incorporated 
relevance as a factor when determining motions to quash a subpoena.”  Moon, 232 F.R.D. at 637.  
“[A] court has discretion to circumscribe discovery even of relevant evidence by making ‘any 
order which justice requires to protect a party or person from annoyance, embarrassment, 
oppression, or undue burden or expense.’”  Jones, 219 F.R.D. at 74 (citing Herbert v. Lando, 441 
U.S. 153, 177 (1979)). 
II. 
The Court Should Quash the Subpoena to Edwards. 
 
RFPs #1 and #2 Should be Quashed.  
 
RFPs #1 and #2 ask Edwards to produce documents that were produced by Dershowitz 
(or to Dershowitz) in the Edwards and Cassell v. Dershowitz litigation.  The Court will notice 
immediately that, in seeking Dershowitz documents, Defendant Maxwell has not asked 
Dershowitz to provide them.  Her failure to seek these documents directly from Dershowitz is all 
the more puzzling because she has been working closely with Dershowitz for some time.  In 
particular, during the Dershowitz litigation, an attorney for Dershowitz blocked discovery into 
matters known by Dershowitz under a “common interest agreement” that was in place and 
extended between Dershowitz, Epstein, and Maxwell.  See Edwards Decl., Ex. 4 esp. pp. 523-27 
(excerpts from deposition of Alan Dershowitz).  In light of the fact that Maxwell and Dershowitz 
have a close working relationship, it is unduly burdensome that Maxwell seeks these items not 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 9 of 21

 
10
from her ally but from attorneys for her legal adversary.  As in the Jones case cited above, it 
appears that Maxwell’s motivation for issuing the subpoena and seeking discovery from Edwards 
is “merely for the sake” of conducting further discovery that will burden Edwards, most if not all 
of which is not reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence in the 
Maxwell case.  Jones, 219 F.R.D. at 78. 
 
In addition, Edwards was a party to the Edwards and Cassell v. Dershowitz litigation, and 
was represented by outside lead counsel.  Consistent with the behavior of nearly every litigant, 
Edwards did not make it a point to precisely catalogue each and every document that was being 
received or produced.  See Edwards Decl. at ¶ 11. Similarly, Edwards provided materials to his 
attorney who, in turn, selected which materials were responsive to Dershowitz’s discovery 
request.  Id.  In such circumstances, it would be an undue burden to force Edwards to confer with 
his attorney to reconstruct precisely what materials were produced and received in the litigation.  
Dershowitz is in a common interest agreement relationship with Maxwell, therefore, it will be 
much easier for him to sort out any concerns about what was or was not produced than it would 
be for Edwards. 
 
RFPs #3, #4, and #5 Should Be Quashed. 
 
RFPs #3, #4, and #5 seek to force Edwards to produce various discovery materials 
associated with the case Epstein v. Edwards, Case No. 50-2009 CA 040800XXXXMBAG (15th 
Judicial Cir., West Palm Beach, Florida).  That case has been in litigation for seven years, 
Edwards Decl. at ¶ 12, and a substantial number of documents are involved.  Many of the 
subjects in the case overlap with subjects over other litigation, including the on-going Jane Doe 
1 and Jane Doe 2 v. United States case and the now-closed Edwards and Cassell v. Dershowitz 
case.  Id.  Because of this overlap, and because Edwards was a party to that litigation and not the 
lawyer, Edwards has not maintained a separate file for the Epstein v. Edwards case.  Id.  It would 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 10 of 21

 
11
not only be unduly burdensome, but it would be impossible to try and identify which discovery 
materials relate only to the Epstein v. Edwards case.  Id.  
 
Moreover, rather than burden Edwards with the need to sort through his various files on 
Epstein-related cases, Defendant Maxwell has a straightforward way to obtain materials 
concerning the Epstein v. Edwards case.  She is currently in a joint defense agreement with her 
former boyfriend and close associate, Jeffrey Epstein.  Edwards Decl. at ¶ 13.  It would 
obviously be much easier for Defendant Maxwell to obtain the materials in question from 
Epstein or one of his dozen attorneys, since any production of materials to her will be under the 
joint defense agreement and thus not run any risk of waiver of privilege or protections.  
Moreover, Epstein is a billionaire who has vast wealth, represented by many lawyers,2 and 
presumably is well-situated to help provide materials to defendant Maxwell.  In light of these 
facts, the clear inference is that Maxwell has chosen to subpoena Edwards to produce these 
materials, because it will burden him and make it more difficult for him to represent his client, 
Ms. Giuffre, in her lawsuit against Maxwell.  The Court should not approve such tactical 
targeting of opposing counsel for burdensome subpoenas. 
 
RFP #6 Should be Quashed. 
 
The subpoena also asks Edwards produce documents provided in discovery from the case 
of Jane Does #1 et al. v. United States (S.D. Fla.) – i.e., correspondence between Epstein’s 
defense attorneys and the Government concerning the plea arrangement to be struck between the 
two.  This request involves a substantial number of documents (Edwards Decl., Ex. 3 at ¶ 6-7) 
and should be quashed as well. 
                                                          
2 For confirmation of this point, the Court need only look at the counsel of record listings for Epstein in the CVRA 
case and the Epstein v. Edwards case.   
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 11 of 21

 
12
 
The discovery materials Defendant Maxwell seeks are currently under a protective order 
barring further dissemination of the materials.  The order was entered by this Court (Judge 
Marra) in the underlying case.   Does v. United States, DE 326 at 4.  The order allowed Edwards 
and Cassell to identify relevant document and then file them in public pleadings.  But other 
documents provided by the Government in discovery remain under a protective order. 
 
On February 10, 2016, Edwards and Cassell filed a sixty-page motion for summary 
judgment in the case that included 140 exhibits.  DE 361 & 362, No. 9:08-cv-80736-MARRA.  
That filing is not sealed and makes the most significant parts of the correspondence between 
Epstein and the Government available to the public, including Maxwell.  But any other materials 
remain under Judge Marra’s protective order.  Accordingly, before Edwards could even have the 
option to release the materials that the Government has provided to him as an attorney in the 
case, Defendant Maxwell would have to approach the Court in that case (Judge Marra) and seek 
a modification of the protective order.   
 
The fact that Defendant Maxwell is trying to obtain documents from Edwards that are 
under protective order orchestrated by her former boyfriend (and current “common interest” 
partner) Epstein only serves to demonstrate why the subpoena to Edwards is harassing.  
Defendant Maxwell could have simply asked Epstein to provide the materials (or, alternatively, 
subpoenaed the materials directly from Epstein).  Epstein’s own materials are not under a 
protective order.  It is only the materials provided to Edwards (and his co-counsel Edwards) 
during discovery that are under the protective order.  Epstein and his attorneys have, of course, 
all the correspondence involving their plea discussions.   
 
In addition, of course, the Government has all of the correspondence.  The materials at 
issue originated with the Government – which, after Epstein, is the most natural place from 
which to seek production.   
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 12 of 21

 
13
 
The only apparent reason for seeking these materials from Edwards rather than Epstein 
(or the Government) is to burden Edwards.  Seeking discovery of Edwards “merely for the sake” 
of creating a burden clearly constitutes a grounds for quashing the subpoena.  See Jones, 219 
F.R.D. at 78.  And in considering the burden involved, the Court should consider the fact that 
Edwards has been working on this matter, as one of only two principal attorneys, on a pro bono 
basis for nearly eight years.  Edwards Decl. at ¶¶ 14-15.  Recently, Supreme Court Justice Sonia 
Sotomayer decried the lack of pro bono legal counsel available to provide legal services to those 
unable to afford them.  See, e.g., Tony Mauro, Sotomayor Urges Mandatory Pro Bono for All 
Lawyers, The National L.J., May 17, 2016.3  A pro bono attorney should not be forced to spend 
additional time and resources responding to a burdensome discovery requests for the materials 
that can be more easily collected elsewhere. 
 
RPFs #8, #9, and #10 Should be Quashed. 
 
The eighth, ninth, and tenth RFPs seek engagement letters between the Plaintiff in the 
case (Virginia Giuffre) and Edwards as her attorney, as well as joint defense or common interest 
agreements relating to Ms. Giuffre.   Defendant Maxwell can seek – and has sought – production 
of any such documents in the case directly from Ms. Giuffre.  See Edwards Decl., Ex. 3 at ¶¶ 16-
17.  There is no basis for a duplicative request to Ms. Giuffre’s attorney, a non-party to the 
action.   
 
Moreover, it is somewhat remarkable that Defendant Maxwell believes she is entitled to 
receive any joint defense agreement involving Edwards.  When asked to produce her joint 
defense agreement with Epstein, she objected that she did not have to produce such agreement 
                                                          
3 
Available 
at 
http://www.nationallawjournal.com/id=1202757812765/Sotomayor-Urges-
Mandatory-Pro-Bono-for-All-Lawyers 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 13 of 21

 
14
because she claimed it was privileged.  See Edwards Decl., Ex. 5 at 7 (responses to requests 6 
and 7).   
 
Numerous district courts have granted motions to quash subpoenas that seek documents 
or information from a non-party when the information is available from a party.  In Moon, the 
court found that the document requests in the plaintiffs’ subpoena to a non-party “all pertain to 
defendant, who is a party, and, thus, plaintiffs can more easily and inexpensively obtain the 
documents from defendant, rather than from [the nonparty].”  Moon, 232 F.R.D. at 638.  The 
same can be said here, on these RFPs should be quashed. 
 
RFPs #10 and #11 Should be Quashed. 
 
The tenth and eleventh document requests seek documents concerning Edwards’ work 
forming or on behalf of Victims Refuse Silence, Inc. (VRS).  This is an organization on which 
Ms. Giuffre serves as a board member.   Here again, Defendant Maxwell has served a subpoena 
on the VRS itself for various records.  See Edwards Decl., Ex. 6.  It is hard to understand what 
relevance any additional documents relating to Edwards could have to the case. 
 
In addition, the requests seek such things as document relating to “[y]our formation of” 
VRS.  This request would obviously seek work relating to Edwards’ actions as a lawyer for his 
client and thus would be attorney-client protected. See Edwards Decl. at ¶ 18.   
 
Similarly, the request seeks such things as “disclosures made by You to . . . any person 
associated with VRS.”  Edwards’ client, Ms. Giuffre, is plainly a person “associated with VRS,” 
id. at ¶ 19, so this request seems to ask for all communications between Edwards and his client, 
unrestricted as to time and subject.  Clearly, these requests are overbroad and unduly 
burdensome.   
 
 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 14 of 21

 
15
RFP #12 Should be Quashed.  
 
The twelfth document request seeks “documents relating to any disclosures made by You 
[to] Virginia Roberts Giuffre, or consents provided to You by Virginia Giuffre, pursuant to any 
of the Florida Rules of Professional Conduct.”  Any such materials would involve confidential 
attorney-client communications.  Edwards Decl. at ¶ 15.  But more important, these materials 
would appear to have nothing to do with the lawsuit at hand.  Instead, it appears that counsel for 
Maxwell seek to embark on a fishing expedition regarding opposing counsel’s compliance with 
his ethical obligations to his clients.  Those concerns belong to the client, not to opposing 
counsel.  And they are certainly not relevant to the defamation actions between Ms. Giuffre and 
Ms. Maxwell.  The request should be quashed.4   
 
RFP #13 Should be Quashed. 
 
RFP #13 seeks all documents “concerning any investigation by any law enforcement 
agency that refer to Ghislaine Maxwell.”  This issue, too, has been heavily explored in the 
underlying case in the Southern District of New York.  Part of this request appears to be an effort 
by Defendant Maxwell to ferret out the scope of any current, on-going law enforcement 
investigation into Maxwell’s crimes – presumably with an eye to preventing that investigation 
from being successful.  With regard to these documents about a current investigation, Ms. 
Giuffre has asserted a public interest privilege from being forced to disclose that information.   
Documents related to that request have been submitted to Judge Sweet in camera, and he is 
currently evaluating whether to order their production.  See Giuffre v. Maxwell, DE 128 at 1. If 
Judge Sweet refuses to order their production, it is hard to see why Defendant Maxwell should 
be able to do an “end run” around that ruling by seeking the same documents from Edwards.  On 
                                                          
4 Aspects of the eleventh request for production also seem to relate to irrelevant legal ethics questions.  For this 
reason as well, RFP #11 should also be quashed. 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 15 of 21

 
16
the other hand, if Judge Sweet turns over documents the documents about Ms. Giuffre’s 
cooperation with the law enforcement investigation to Defendant Maxwell, it is hard to 
understand why she would need additional documents of the same character from Edwards. 
 
Other parts of this request are clearly overbroad as they seek information about past law 
enforcement investigations.  For example, the request seeks materials regarding a law 
enforcement agency that “refer” to Ghislaine Maxwell.  The CVRA action involves not only 
Jeffrey Epstein, but also his potential “co-conspirators,” who all apparently received immunity 
under the non-prosecution agreement that was challenged in his case.  All of the documents in 
the CVRA case thus, in some sense, refer to defendant Maxwell.  And, as explained above, apart 
from materials that have been publicly filed, the remaining correspondence is under a protective 
order from Judge Marra.  Here again, defendant Maxwell can far more easily obtain these 
materials from her common interest partner Epstein, since his own personal copies of these 
materials are not under a protective order.  
 
RFP #15 Should be Quashed.   
 
RFP #15 seeks documents relating to “any journalist, reporter, producer, author, director, 
or any employee or agent of the same” connected to Virginia Giuffre, Ghislaine Maxwell, or 
Jeffrey Epstein.  This request is hopelessly overbroad, since the categories of people included 
(e.g., any “author” or “journalist” or “agent of the same”) do not lend themselves to immediate 
and narrow identification.  The request is also unbounded as to time, and thus sweeps in 
materials remote from the Giuffre v. Maxwell case.  For example, Edwards began working on a 
separate pro bono case – Jane Doe 1 and 2 v. United States – nearly eight years ago, in July 
2008.  Edwards Decl. at ¶¶ 14-15.  Defendant Maxwell appears to be seeking media contacts 
related to that case, since anything in that case clearly “relates” to Jeffrey Epstein and the non-
prosecution agreement Epstein was trying to obtain.  Edwards Decl. at ¶ 21.  Since 2008, the 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 16 of 21

 
17
CVRA case filed by Cassell and Edwards has attracted broad attention from Congress,5 legal 
scholars,6 as well as the media.7   To answer RFP #15, Edwards would have to review more than 
200,000 emails he sent and received during that time.  See Edwards Decl. at ¶ 22-23.  He would 
then need to determine which of these emails were subject to (for example) work-product 
protection.  The burden imposed on him would clearly be substantial. Id. at ¶ 23.   
 
The burden imposed on Edwards is an undue burden because Defendant Maxwell has far 
more direct ways to proceed.  Ms. Giuffre, the plaintiff in the underlying action, has been (or 
could have been) questioned extensively about her interactions with the media, both during her 
deposition and through discovery propounded to her.   In light that fact, it is not clear how 
Edwards’ communications have any additional relevance to the Giuffre v. Maxwell lawsuit.  Ms. 
Giuffre has sued Defendant Maxwell because she (Maxwell) made defamatory statements – not 
vice versa.  So it is hard to see even how communications Ms. Giuffre may or may not have had 
with the media would be important to the case, much less how communications her attorney, 
Edwards, would be relevant.   Under the rules, “[u]nless otherwise limited by court order, the 
scope of discovery is as follows: Parties may obtain discovery regarding any non-privileged 
matter that is relevant to any party’s claim or defense.”  Fed. R. Civ. P.  26(b)(1) (emphasis 
added).  Ms. Maxwell has made no claim against Ms. Giuffre.  And with regard to her defenses, 
the Court can examine her answer to the complaint to see that none of them relate to any 
                                                          
5  Responding to the lack of notice given to the victims of the Epstein agreement, Congress recently amended the 
CVRA to insure that in the future crime victims receive notice of any non-prosecution agreement entered into by the 
Government.  See Pub. L. 114-22, Title I, § 113(a), (c)(1), May 29, 2015, 129 Stat. 240, 241 (adding 18 U.S.C. § 
3771(a)(9) to give crime victims “[t]he right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred 
prosecution agreement).    
6 See generally Paul G. Cassell, Nathanael J. Mitchell & Bradley J. Edwards, Crime Victims’ Rights During 
Criminal Investigations? Applying the Crime Victims’ Rights Act before Criminal Charges are Filed, 104 J. Crim. 
L. & Criminology 59 (2014).  
7 Abby Goodnough, Questions of Preferential Treatment Are Raised in Florida Sex Case, N.Y. Times, Sept. 3, 
2006, at A19; Michele Dargan, Feds Say They Treated Epstein Victims Fairly, Palm Beach Daily News (April 8, 
2011).    
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 17 of 21

 
18
interactions that Edwards may have had with the media.  Giuffre v. Maxwell, DE 54 at 8-10 
(listing Maxwell’s affirmative defenses).   
 
As noted above, federal district courts have quashed subpoenas that seek irrelevant 
information.  “[C]ourts have incorporated relevance as a [Rule 45] factor when determining 
motions to quash a subpoena,” Moon, 232 F.R.D. at 637, and have “discretion to circumscribe 
discovery even of relevant evidence by making ‘any order which justice requires to protect a 
party or person from annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, or undue burden or expense.’” 
Jones, 219 F.R.D. at 74.  District courts, such as in Moon and Jones, have quashed subpoenas 
that seek to obtain information outside the bounds of relevance to claims or defenses in the case.  
The Moon court quashed a subpoena that sought irrelevant information through overbroad 
requests for documents and information.  Moon, 232 F.R.D. at 637-638.  In Moon, the plaintiff’s 
claims related to an import agreement that covered a three-year period.  Id. at 637.  Plaintiff’s 
document requests to the non-party in the subpoena at issue, however, sought documents 
reaching back over a 10-year period and sought information relating to the non-party’s 
commercial business with other non-parties.  The court weighed “the burden to [the non-party 
subpoena recipient] against the value of the information to [the issuer of the subpoena]” and 
found that “the subpoena imposes an ‘undue burden’ on the nonparty.”  Moon, 232 F.R.D. at 
637.   
 
The Jones court made a similar calculation, quashing a subpoena to take the deposition of 
a non-party upon a finding that the defendant’s subpoena to the non-party sought information 
that “is not relevant to any issue in this case.”  Jones, 219 F.R.D. at 77.  In Jones, the plaintiff 
sought enforcement of an agreement with the defendant and the defendant argued that the 
plaintiff repudiated the agreement, id. at 72-74, and issued the subpoena to Mr. Clinton who, the 
defendant argued, had insisted that the plaintiff repudiate the agreement or had an understanding 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 18 of 21

 
19
that she had done so, id. at 77.  The court quashed the subpoena, finding that there was no 
allegation that Mr. Clinton had any non-privileged information regarding whether or not the 
plaintiff in fact did repudiate the agreement, which was the relevant issue in the matter.  Id. 
 
As in the Moon and Jones cases, defendant Maxwell has propounded an extraordinarily 
broad subpoena that imposes a significant burden on Edwards that ultimately seeks information 
that is not relevant to any claims or defenses in this matter.  The Subpoena should be quashed.  
 
RFPs #19 and #20 
 
Requests number 19 and number 20 seek “[a]ny letter or communication to [or from] you 
to any witness or prospective witness in Giuffre v. Maxwell.”  Both sides have identified 
numerous “prospective witnesses” in the case, probably totaling more than one hundred persons.  
Moreover, persons who have been identified as potential witnesses in the case include not only 
Mr. Edwards’ client, Ms. Giuffre, but also other persons with whom he has interacted, such as 
his co-counsel.  Edwards Decl. at ¶ 24.  Most important, however, like the other requests that the 
subpoena makes, this request appears to be exclusively designed to burden Mr. Edwards.  
Defendant Maxwell is certainly free to depose any witness about anything that may or may not 
have been said to the witness by any person – including Mr. Edwards.  There is no good reason 
to force Mr. Edwards to have to produce such materials.   
III. 
Edwards Reserves the Right to Raise Other Objections. 
 
For all the reasons just explained, the Court should quash the subpoena issued to Edwards 
in its entirety under Fed. R. Civ. P 45(c)(3)(A)(iv).8  If for any reason the Court finds that some 
or all of the subpoena survives this motion to quash, Edwards would then respectfully request 
any opportunity to raise such other general and specific objections to the subpoena as may be 
                                                          
8  Without waiving any protections that might otherwise exist (including attorney-client privilege or work-product 
protection), Cassell does not believe that he possesses any documents responsive to RFP #10, #12, and #13.  Cassell 
does not believe that he possesses any documents responsive to RFP #14, if it is understood to be seeking “original” 
photographs rather than those that have previously been reprinted.   
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 19 of 21

 
20
appropriate, including attorney-client privilege, work-product protections, public interest 
privilege and common-interest privilege.  For the aforementioned reasons, it is wholly 
inappropriate for counsel to utilize this subpoena to virtually request the entirety of Edwards’ 
volume of case files relating to Jeffrey Epstein, Alan Dershowitz, or the investigation into co-
conspirators of Jeffrey Epstein.  Additionally, it is entirely unreasonable to provide a mere ten 
days to respond to a subpoena of such magnitude.  In the event that the Court does not quash the 
subpoena in its entirety, non-party Edwards requests a reasonable amount of time to respond to 
any request that survives this motion.   
CONCLUSION 
 
For the forgoing reasons, Edwards respectfully requests that this Court grant the motion 
to quash the Subpoena commanding the production of documents by Edwards.  In the alternative, 
Edwards requests that this Court enter a protective order barring enforcement of Maxwell’s 
Subpoena. 
Certification Under S.D. Fla. L.R. 7.1 
 
Based upon prior communications, it is clear that the parties cannot resolve the issues 
delineated herein without court intervention.  On June 13, 2016, Plaintiff nonetheless attempted 
to meet and confer with defense counsel but was unable to reach him before the deadline for 
filing this motion.  Counsel will continue to communicate and will promptly notify the Court of 
any agreements reached to resolve or narrow any of the issues raised herein.   
 
 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 20 of 21

 
21
I HEREBY CERTIFY  that, on June 13, 2016, a true and correct copy of the foregoing 
was sent by e-mail to Laura A. Menninger, Esq., and Jeffrey S. Pagliuca, Esq., attorneys for 
Ghislaine Maxell, Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C., 150 East 10th Avenue, Denver, CO 
80203 (lmenninger@hmflaw.com). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Jack Scarola 
 
 
 
 
 
Jack Scarola 
 
 
 
 
 
Florida Bar No.: 169440 
 
 
 
 
 
Attorney E-Mail(s):  jsx@searcylaw.com and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          mep@searcylaw.com 
 
 
 
 
 
Primary E-Mail: _scarolateam@searcylaw.com 
 
 
 
 
 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
 
 
 
 
 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
 
 
 
 
 
Phone: (561) 686-6300 
 
 
 
 
 
Fax: 
(561) 383-9451 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attorney for Non-Party Respondent Bradley J. Edwards 
 
Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS     Document 1     Filed 06/13/16     Page 21 of 21
