METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Operating Engineers Construction Industry and Miscellaneous Pension Fund v. Dimon, No. 123-cv-03903 (S.D.N.Y. 2023)
METADATA_FILENAME: 027.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
IN RE JP MORGAN CHASE & CO.
DERIVATIVE LITIGATION
Master Case No. 1:23-CV-03903 (JSR) 
DERIVATIVE ACTION
STIPULATION AND [PROPOSED] PROTECTIVE ORDER 
The parties having agreed to the following terms of confidentiality, and the Court having 
found that good cause exists for issuance of an appropriately tailored confidentiality order 
governing the pre-trial phase of this action, it is therefore hereby 
ORDERED that any person subject to this Order -- including without limitation the parties 
to this action, their representatives, agents, experts and consultants, all third parties providing 
discovery in this action, and all other interested persons with actual or constructive notice of this 
Order -- shall adhere to the following terms, upon pain of contempt: 
1.
Any person subject to this Order who receives from any other person any 
“Discovery Material” (i.e., information of any kind provided in the course of discovery in this 
action) that is designated as “Confidential” pursuant to the terms of this Order shall not disclose 
such Confidential Discovery Material to anyone else except as expressly permitted hereunder. 
2.
The person producing any given Discovery Material may designate as Confidential 
only such portion of such material as consists of: 
a.
previously nondisclosed financial information (including without limitation 
profitability reports or estimates, percentage fees, design fees, royalty rates, 
minimum guarantee payments, sales reports and sale margins);
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 1 of 12

2
b.
previously nondisclosed confidential reporting to law enforcement 
agencies;
c.
previously nondisclosed material relating to ownership or control of any 
non-public company; 
d.
previously nondisclosed business plans, product development information, 
or marketing plans;
e.
any information of a personal or intimate nature regarding any individual; 
f.
any information maintained by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or its affiliates 
that is required to be kept confidential pursuant to the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 
U.S.C. §§ 5311 to 5336, or its implementing regulations (“BSA”) but for 
which the appropriate regulatory authority has authorized disclosure, 
including but not limited to the fact that no BSA information exists, (“BSA-
Protected Information”)1 and any information that, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 
5318(g)(2)(A)(1), 31 C.F.R. § 1020.320, 12 C.F.R § 21.11, Section 314(a) 
or (b) of the PATRIOT ACT,  12 U.S.C. §§ 3414(a)(3) and (c) or any other 
applicable regulations concerning potential suspicious activity (“SAR-
Related Information”), is not permitted to be produced unless authorized by 
the appropriate regulatory authority (“SAR-Protected Information”);
g.
any information that is confidential supervisory information (“CSI”) of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as set forth in 12 C.F.R. 
§ 261.2(c), non-public information of the Office of the Comptroller of the 
1 BSA-Protected Information maintained by other financial institutions are not within the scope 
of this Order and remain subject to the standard confidentiality requirements of the BSA and its 
implementing regulations.  
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 2 of 12

3
Currency or the former Office of Thrift Supervision as set forth in 12 C.F.R. 
§ 4.32(b), exempt information of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
as set forth in 12 C.F.R. §§ 309.2, 309.5, and 309.6, and confidential 
information of the Consumer Financial Protection Board as set forth in 12 
C.F.R. § 1070.2, and any other records concerning supervision, regulation, 
and examination of banks, savings associations, their holding companies 
and affiliates, and records compiled in connection with the enforcement 
responsibilities of federal and state financial regulatory agencies that is not 
permitted to be disclosed to a third party absent consent of the applicable 
regulator or government agency unless authorized by the appropriate 
regulatory authority (“CSI-Protected Information”); or 
h.
any other category of information hereinafter given confidential status by 
the Court. 
3.
With respect to the Confidential portion of any Discovery Material other than 
deposition transcripts and exhibits, the producing person or that person’s counsel may designate 
such portion as “Confidential” by stamping or otherwise clearly marking as “Confidential” the 
protected portion in a manner that will not interfere with legibility or audibility, and by also 
producing for future public use another copy of said Discovery Material with the confidential 
information redacted.  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein is intended to prevent a party 
from designating the entirety of a given document as “Confidential” if the party reasonably 
believes the entire document falls within one or more of the categories in paragraph 2, above.  With 
respect to deposition transcripts and exhibits, a producing person or that person’s counsel may 
indicate on the record that a question calls for Confidential information, in which case the transcript 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 3 of 12

4
of the designated testimony shall be bound in a separate volume and marked “Confidential 
Information Governed by Protective Order” by the reporter. 
4.
If at any time prior to the trial of this action, a producing person realizes that some 
portion[s] of Discovery Material that that person previously produced without limitation should 
be designated as Confidential, he may so designate by so apprising all parties in writing, and such 
designated portion[s] of the Discovery Material will thereafter be treated as Confidential under the 
terms of this Order.  If a party has disclosed such designated portion[s] of Discovery Material to 
anyone other than the individuals set forth in paragraph 5 below, that party shall make reasonable 
efforts to promptly retrieve such Discovery Material, and inform any recipient of the terms of the 
Order.
5.
With the exception of the qualifications pertaining to BSA-Protected Information, 
SAR-Protected Information and/or CSI-Protected Information in paragraph 6, no person subject 
to this Order other than the producing person shall disclose any of the Discovery Material, 
designated by the producing person as Confidential excluding any material containing BSA-
Protected Information, SAR-Protected Information and/or CSI-Protected Information to any other 
person whomsoever, except to: 
a.
the parties to this action; 
b.
counsel retained specifically for this action, including any paralegal, clerical 
and other assistant employed by such counsel and assigned to this matter; 
c.
as to any document, its author, its addressee, and any other person indicated 
on the face of the document as having received a copy;
d.
any witness who counsel for a party in good faith believes may be called to 
testify at trial or deposition in this action, provided such person has first 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 4 of 12

5
executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form annexed as an Exhibit 
hereto; 
e.
any person retained by a party to serve as an expert witness or otherwise 
provide specialized advice or services to counsel in connection with this 
action (including but not limited to professional jury or trial consultants, 
mock jurors, and persons or entities providing litigation support services – 
such as photocopying, videotaping, translating, preparing exhibits or 
demonstrations, and processing, hosting, organizing, storing, or retrieving 
data in any form or medium – and their employees and subcontractors), 
provided such person has first executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the 
form annexed as an Exhibit hereto;
f.
any mediator or other dispute-resolution personnel, or any employee 
thereof, provided such person has first executed a Non-Disclosure 
Agreement in the form annexed as Exhibit hereto; 
g.
insurers, reinsurers, insurance adjusters, and/or third party administrators of 
insurance policies that do or may provide insurance coverage applicable to 
this action;
h.
stenographers engaged to transcribe depositions conducted in this action 
and videographers engaged to record depositions conducted in this action; 
and
i.
the Court and its support personnel. 
6.
No person subject to this Order shall disclose any BSA-Protected Information, 
SAR-Protected Information, and/or CSI-Protected Information to any other person whomsoever, 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 5 of 12

6
except to the following persons, consistent with any authorization received from the appropriate 
regulatory authority: 
a.
the parties and their counsel, including any paralegal, clerical and other 
assistant employed by such counsel and assigned to this matter; 
b.
any witness employed or formerly employed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. or 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or any witness who serves or formerly served 
on the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. or JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A., who counsel for the parties in good faith believes may be called 
to testify at trial or deposition in this action, provided such person has first 
executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form annexed as an Exhibit 
hereto; 
c.
any person retained by the parties to serve as an expert witness or otherwise 
provide specialized advice to counsel in connection with this action, 
provided such person has first executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the 
form annexed as an Exhibit hereto; 
d.
stenographers engaged to transcribe depositions conducted in this action 
and videographers engaged to record depositions conducted in this action 
provided such person has first executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the 
form annexed as Exhibit hereto; and
e.
the Court and its support personnel. 
7.
Prior to any disclosure of any Confidential Discovery Material to any person 
referred to in subparagraphs 5(d), 5(e), or 5(f) above, such person shall be provided by counsel 
with a copy of this Protective Order and shall sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 6 of 12

7
annexed as an Exhibit hereto stating that that person has read this Order and agrees to be bound by 
its terms. Said counsel shall retain each signed Non-Disclosure Agreement, hold it in escrow, and 
produce it to opposing counsel either prior to such person being permitted to testify (at deposition 
or trial) or at the conclusion of the case, whichever comes first. 
8.
All Confidential Discovery Material filed with the Court, and all portions of 
pleadings, motions or other papers filed with the Court that disclose such Confidential Discovery 
Material, shall be filed under seal with the Clerk of the Court and kept under seal until further 
order of the Court. The parties will use their best efforts to minimize such sealing. In any event, 
any party filing a motion or any other papers with the Court under seal shall also publicly file a 
redacted copy of the same, via the Court’s Electronic Case Filing system, that redacts only the 
Confidential Discovery Material itself, and not text that in no material way reveals the Confidential 
Discovery Material. 
9.
Any party who either objects to any designation of confidentiality, or who, by 
contrast, requests still further limits on disclosure (such as “attorneys’ eyes only” in extraordinary 
circumstances), may at any time prior to the trial of this action serve upon counsel for the 
designating person a written notice stating with particularity the grounds of the objection or 
request. If agreement cannot be reached promptly, counsel for all affected persons will convene a 
joint telephone call with the Court to obtain a ruling. 
10.
All persons are hereby placed on notice that the Court is unlikely to seal or 
otherwise afford confidential treatment to any Discovery Material introduced in evidence at trial, 
even if such material has previously been sealed or designated as Confidential. The Court also 
retains unfettered discretion whether or not to afford confidential treatment to any Confidential 
Document or information contained in any Confidential Document submitted to the Court in 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 7 of 12

8
connection with any motion, application, or proceeding that may result in an order and/or decision 
by the Court. 
11.
Each person who has access to Discovery Material that has been designated as 
Confidential shall take all due precautions to prevent the unauthorized or inadvertent disclosure of 
such material. 
12.
If, in connection with this litigation, a party inadvertently discloses information 
subject to a claim of attorney-client privilege or attorney work product protection, including any 
privilege or immunity from production associated with BSA, SAR-Related Information, and/or 
CSI (“Inadvertently Disclosed Information”), such disclosure shall not constitute or be deemed a 
waiver or forfeiture of any claim of privilege or work product or such other applicable protection 
with respect to the Inadvertently Disclosed Information and its subject matter.  For avoidance of 
doubt, outside of authorization from an appropriate regulatory authority, the disclosure of BSA, 
SAR-Related Information and/or CSI shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver or forfeiture of 
any claim of privilege or work product or such other applicable protection with respect to such 
information.
13.
If a disclosing party makes a claim of inadvertent disclosure, the receiving party 
shall not thereafter review the Inadvertently Disclosed Information for any purpose, except by 
order of the Court. The receiving party shall, within five business days, return or destroy all copies 
of the Inadvertently Disclosed Information, and provide a certification of counsel that all such 
information has been returned or destroyed. 
14.
Within five business days of the notification that such Inadvertently Disclosed 
Information has been returned or destroyed, the disclosing party shall produce a privilege log with 
respect to the Inadvertently Disclosed Information. 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 8 of 12

9
15.
As with any information redacted or withheld, the receiving party may move the 
Court for an Order compelling production of the Inadvertently Disclosed Information. The motion 
shall be filed under seal, and shall not assert as a ground for entering such an Order the fact or 
circumstances of the inadvertent production. 
16.
The disclosing party retains the burden of establishing the privileged or protected 
nature of any Inadvertently Disclosed Information. Nothing in this Order shall limit the right of 
any party to request an in camera review of the Inadvertently Disclosed Information. 
17.
This Protective Order shall survive the termination of the litigation. Within 30 days 
of the final disposition of this action, all Discovery Material designated as “Confidential,” and all 
copies thereof, shall be promptly returned to the producing person, or, upon permission of the 
producing person, destroyed.  For the avoidance of doubt, counsel of record in this action shall be 
permitted to keep copies of filings and work product that incorporates any Confidential Discovery 
Material, so long as counsel continues to treat such Confidential Discovery Material in accordance 
with this Order.
18.
This Court shall retain jurisdiction over all persons subject to this Order to the 
extent necessary to enforce any obligations arising hereunder or to impose sanctions for any 
contempt thereof. 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 9 of 12

10
SO STIPULATED AND AGREED. 
BERNSTEIN LITOWITZ BERGER
& GROSSMANN LLP
/s/ Mark Lebovitch
Mark Lebovitch (with permission)
Sara Swartzwelder
MarkL@blbglaw.com
sara.swartzwelder@blbglaw.com
1251 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10020
(212) 554-1400
BERNSTEIN LITOWITZ BERGER 
& GROSSMANN LLP
Daniel Meyer
500 Delaware Avenue, Suite 901
Wilmington, DE  19801
daniel.meyer@blbglaw.com
(212) 554-1400
Counsel for Plaintiff City of Miami 
General Employees & Sanitation 
Employees Retirement Trust
GRANT & EISENHOFER P.A.
/s/ Rebecca A. Musarra
 
Rebecca A. Musarra (with permission)
Christopher J. Orrico
Vivek Upadhya
485 Lexington Ave., 29th Floor
New York, NY 10017
rmusarra@gelaw.com
corrico@gelaw.com
vupadhya@gelaw.com
(646) 722-8500
Michael J. Barry (admitted pro hac)
Christine M. Mackintosh (admitted pro 
hac)
123 Justison St.
Wilmington DE 19801
mbarry@gelaw.com
cmackintosh@gelaw.com
WILMER CUTLER PICKERING 
HALE AND DORR LLP
/s/ Timothy Perla
Timothy Perla (with permission)
60 State Street
Boston, MA  02109
(t) (617) 526-6000
(f) (617) 526-5000 
timothy.perla@wilmerhale.com
Noah A. Levine
7 World Trade Center
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
(t) (212) 230-8800
(f) (212) 230-8888 
noah.levine@wilmerhale.com
Attorneys for Defendants JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. and James Dimon
PAUL, WEISS, RIFKIND, WHARTON &
GARRISON LLP
/s/ Audra J. Soloway 
 
Audra J. Soloway 
Jessica S. Carey 
Jacobus Schutte
1285 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10019
asoloway@paulweiss.com
jcarey@paulweiss.com
jschutte@paulweiss.com
212-373-3000
Attorneys for Defendants Stephen B. Burke, 
Todd A. Combs, James S. Crown, Timothy P. 
Flynn, Mellody Hobson, John W. Kessler, 
and Phebe N. Novakovic
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 10 of 12

11
 (302) 622-7000
Counsel for Plaintiff Operating 
Engineers Construction Industry and 
Miscellaneous Pension Fund
/s/ John McNichols                 
John McNichols (with permission)
WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP
680 Maine Avenue SW
Washington, DC 20024
Tel: (202) 434-5252
Fax: (202) 434-5029
jmcnichols@wc.com
Counsel for Defendant James Edward Staley
Dated:  July 6, 2023
Dated: July 6, 2023
SO ORDERED. 
JED S. RAKOFF, U.S.D.J. 
Dated:
New York, New York 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 11 of 12

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
IN RE JP MORGAN CHASE & CO.
DERIVATIVE LITIGATION
Master Case No. 1:23-CV-03903 (JSR) 
DERIVATIVE ACTION
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
I, 
, acknowledge that I have read and 
understand the Protective Order in this action governing the nondisclosure of those portions of 
Discovery Material that have been designated as Confidential. I agree that I will not disclose 
such Confidential Discovery Material to anyone other than for purposes of this litigation and that 
at the conclusion of the litigation I will return all discovery information to the party or attorney 
from whom I received it, or confirm to that party or attorney that such information has been 
destroyed. By acknowledging these obligations under the Protective Order, I understand that I 
am submitting myself to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York for the purpose of any issue or dispute arising hereunder and that my 
willful violation of any term of the Protective Order could subject me to punishment for 
contempt of Court. 
Dated: 
Case 1:23-cv-03903-JSR     Document 27     Filed 07/06/23     Page 12 of 12
