METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\In re Grand Jury 05-02 (WPB) & 07-103 (WPB), No. 925-mc-80920 (S.D. Fla. 2025)
METADATA_FILENAME: 002.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:25-mc-80920-RLR   Document 2   Entered on FLSD Docket 07/23/2025   Page 1 of 3
..,,, 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
FILED BY .-J'~ 
D.C. 
r 
IN RE: Grand Jury 05-02 
(WPB) & 07-103 (WPB) 
---I 
ORDER REQUIRING SUPPLEMENTAL BRIEFI t. 
JUL 19 2025 
ANGELA E. NOBLE 
CLERK U.S. DIST. CT. 
S.D. OF FlA. - W.P.B. 
This Cause is before the Court on the United States' Petition to Unseal Grand Jury 
Transcripts (the ''Petition"), filed on July 18, 2025. 
Pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal 
Procedure 6, the Government requests that the transcripts related to grand jury investigations 05-
02 (WPB) and 07-103 (WPB) (the "Florida Proceedings") be unsealed "subject to appropriate 
redactions of victim-related and other personal identifying information." Pet. at I. Additionally, 
the Government states that "[t]o the extent this Court maintains that this 'petition to disclose arises 
out of a judicial proceeding in another district' ... the Court should 'transfer the petition to'" the 
Southern District of New York. Id. at 4-5 (referencing other petitions filed in United States v. 
Maxwell, No. 1 :20-CR-330 (S.D.N.Y.) and United States v. Epstein, No. 1 :19--490 (S.D.N.Y.)) 
(the "New York Proceedings"). Having reviewed the Petition, the Court requires supplemental 
briefing on two issues. 
The Government's Request to Unseal Grand Jury Documents 
First, the Court requires the Government to clarify its legal position in support of its request 
to unseal the grand jury materials. The rule applicable to the Government's request, Rule 6 of the 
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, "codifies the traditional rule of grand jury secrecy and 
provides a comprehensive framework for determining whether and under what conditions the 
records of grand jury proceedings may be released." Pitch v. United States, 953 F .3d 1226, 1229 
(11th Cir. 2020). This rule of secrecy is subject to exceptions, but in this Circuit, there are only 

Case 9:25-mc-80920-RLR   Document 2   Entered on FLSD Docket 07/23/2025   Page 2 of 3
five-that is, there are five, limited exceptions under which a district court may authorize the 
disclosure of grand jury materials. Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e)(3)(E); Pitch, 953 F.3d at 1242. 
It is unclear from the Petition whether the Government is arguing that any of the five 
exceptions applies to its request. On the one hand, the Government acknowledges the governing, 
binding law on this Court, which limits the available grounds for disclosure. Pet.~ 6 (stating that 
the Government "recognize[ s] that this Court is bound by Pitch''). 
On the other hand, the 
Government implies that it may concede that, under governing law, this Court must deny the 
Petition, but the Government nonetheless intends to appeal. Id. (stating that the Government seeks 
to preserve the issue for any potential appeal). 
The Government shall therefore clarify its legal position. In supplemental briefing, the 
Government shall clarify whether: (1) it concedes that this Court must deny the Petition under 
binding Eleventh Circuit precedent, but that it nonetheless seeks an order from this Court 
so that it may file an appeal; or (2) it argues that an exception applies that would permit this 
Court to grant the Government's Petition, together with legal argument in support of the 
same. 
The Government's Request for a Transfer of the Petition to New York 
Second, the Court requires supplemental briefing on the Government's request to transfer 
the Petition. The rule applicable to the Government's request, Rule 6(e)(3)(G) of the Federal Rules 
of Criminal Procedure, mandates that "[i]f the petition to disclose arises out of a judicial 
proceeding in another district, the petitioned court must transfer the petition to the other court 
unless the petitioned court can reasonably determine whether disclosure is proper." Under this 
Rule, a transfer to another district is only permissible when a proceeding "arises out of a judicial 
proceeding in another district,'' yet the Government's Petition does not identify any facts or law in 
2 

Case 9:25-mc-80920-RLR   Document 2   Entered on FLSD Docket 07/23/2025   Page 3 of 3
support of the contention that the Florida Proceedings arose out of the New York Proceedings. 
Because the Florida Proceedings appear to have been initiated many years prior to the New York 
Proceedings, any argument that the Florida Proceedings nonetheless arose out of the New York 
Proceedings must be accompanied with an explanation and with legal argument in support of the 
same. Therefore, in supplemental briefing, the Government shall clarify: (1) whether it is the 
Government's position that the Petition is eligible for transfer to the New York Proceedings; 
(2) the legal basis under which the transfer is proper under Rule 6(3)(G); and (3) specifically 
how the materials, Petition, or Florida Proceedings arose out of the New York Proceedings. 
Alternatively, if, under applicable law, there is no legal basis to transfer the Petition, the 
Government should clearly state the same. 
It is hereby ORDERED that the Government must file a supplemental brief addressing the 
above-described issues. The Government's brief shall not exceed ten pages and shall be submitted 
by no later than 3 p.m. on Sunday, July 20, 2025. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers, West Palm Beach, Florida, this 19th day of July, 
2025. 
3 
ROBIN L. ROSENBRG ( / ' 
UNITED STATES DISTRieT JUDGE 
