METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Matter of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, Deceased, No. ST-21-RV-00005 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2021)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.04.07 Response - Reply Motion.pdf
----------------------------------------
 
 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Deceased. 
CASE NO: ST-2021-RV-00005 
Originating Case No: ST-19-PB-80 
 
REPLY IN SUPPORT OF MOTION FOR AWARD OF ATTORNEYS’ FEES 
 
COME NOW the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Epstein 
Estate”), DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN (the “Co-Executors”), and submit 
this reply brief in support of their Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees (the “Motion for Attorneys’ 
Fees”) dated March 4, 2022.1 
ARGUMENT 
I. 
The Co-Executors Are Entitled To Their Attorneys’ Fees. 
Despite having made the GVI Motions in the Probate Division, the GVI argues in 
its opposition that (i) the Court orders denying the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal (together, the 
“Orders”) are not “judgments” and a party may not receive attorneys’ fees until the entirety of the 
proceedings are complete, and (ii) the Co-Executors are not the “prevailing party.”  That is 
incorrect.  First, the GVI ignores that this is a probate matter in which the asserted need for a final 
judgment resolving the proceeding is neither logical nor required by applicable statute.  Second, 
the GVI’s argument that attorneys’ fees are not available without a final judgment is inconsistent 
with longstanding Virgin Islands case law.  Third, in light of the nature of the Probate Action, the 
relief unsuccessfully sought by the GVI in the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal, and existing case 
 
1. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Motion for Attorneys’ Fees. 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
April 07, 2022 05:14 ~M 
ST-2021-RV-00005 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 2 
 
 
law, the Co-Executors were the prevailing party on these applications and are accordingly entitled 
to an award of their attorneys’ fees.  
A. A Final “Judgment” Is Not Required to Obtain Fees in a Probate Matter. 
The GVI bases its argument that an award of costs or attorney’s fees is available 
only upon a “judgment” on the language of 5 V.I.C. § 541.  (GVI Opp. at 3.)  However, the GVI 
disregards the language of 15 V.I.C. § 165, which applies to matters arising in probate proceedings 
such as the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal.  15 V.I.C. § 165 (stating that it applies “[w]ith respect 
to matters to which [Chapter 15] relates” and implicitly distinguishing between such matters and 
“civil action[s] in the district court”).  Probate proceedings are distinct, statutory actions that may 
require the resolution of many disputes, often among multiple parties, before the close of probate.  
In such matters—and as the Virgin Islands Code recognizes—costs are not reserved for the 
conclusion of the probate proceeding or a final “judgment,” but are instead available “in favor of 
one party against another . . . in any proceedings contested adversely.”  15 V.I.C. § 165.   
While the GVI notes that the standard for an award of attorneys’ fees is the same 
under 5 V.I.C. § 541 and 15 V.I.C. § 165 (GVI Opp. at 3 n.1), it cites no support—because none 
exists—for its argument that the purported requirement from Section 541 that there be a final 
“judgment” applies equally under Section 165 to probate proceedings such as this one.  Because 
the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal were contested, adversarial proceedings, an award of attorneys’ 
fees is available here pursuant to Section 165.   
B. The GVI’s Arguments Are Inconsistent with Applicable Case Law. 
Even outside of the probate context, no case supports the GVI’s argument that fees 
and costs cannot be awarded absent an appealable judgment.  To the contrary, Virgin Islands case 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 3 
 
 
law indicates that, in civil actions, attorneys’ fees and costs may be awarded absent a final 
judgment.   
For example, in John v. Maldonado, the parties settled before trial (and therefore 
without a final judgment, such as the GVI seeks to require here) and the plaintiff thereafter sought 
reimbursement for his attorney’s fees and costs incurred in maintaining the suit before it settled.  
Civ. No. 536–1988, 1991 V.I. LEXIS 13, at *5-6 (V.I. Terr. Ct. June 11, 1991).  The Court held 
that the plaintiff could recover his fees and costs, and characterized the defendant’s argument that 
the plaintiff was not the “prevailing party in the judgment” because the parties settled as “almost 
frivolous, for it has long been settled in the Virgin Islands that ‘as long as a plaintiff achieves some 
of the benefits sought in maintaining a lawsuit, even though that plaintiff does not ultimately 
succeed in securing the judgment sought, the plaintiff can be considered the prevailing party for 
purposes of a fee award.’”  Id. at *7 (quoting Ingvolstad v. Kings Wharf Island Enterprises, Inc., 
20 V.I. 314, 317 (Dist. Ct. 1983) (citations omitted), aff’d., 734 F.2d 5 (3d Cir. 1983).  
Similarly, in Melendez v. Rivera, the parties engaged in litigation but resolved the 
matter before trial.  Civ. No. 10/1988, 1988 WL 1628341, at *1 (V.I. Terr. Ct. Oct. 28, 1988).  The 
Court awarded fees and costs to the respondent, reasoning that: 
While as a rule the prevailing party is considered to be the one in 
whose favor a decision or verdict is rendered and a judgment is 
entered, the term may be construed more broadly.  The test is 
whether a party has achieved at least some of the benefits which 
were sought in the litigation, even if a judgment is not finally 
obtained. 
Id. at *3 (citations omitted); see also, e.g., Great Bay Condo. Owners Ass’n v. Socolof, No. ST-
13-CV-426, 2019 V.I. LEXIS 165, at *7 (V.I. Sup. Ct. Feb. 25, 2019) (“Whether a party is a 
prevailing party does not turn on whether it obtained success through litigation—through a formal 
determination of the Court—but whether it prevailed in obtaining the relief it sought.”). 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 4 
 
 
The Third Circuit has likewise repeatedly held that a litigant can be considered the 
“prevailing party” for purposes of a fee award as long as it achieves some of the benefits it sought 
in the lawsuit, even though it does not secure a judgment.  See, e.g., People Against Police Violence 
v. City of Pittsburgh, 520 F.3d 226, 234 (3d Cir. 2008) (finding the plaintiff constituted a 
“prevailing party” entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees where it successfully obtained a 
preliminary injunction, even where no final “judgment” was reached); P.N. v. Clementon Bd. of 
Edu., 442 F.3d 848, 855-57 (3d Cir. 2006) (finding that party that obtained interim orders requiring 
action in its favor was “prevailing party” entitled to attorneys’ fees); NAACP v. Wilmington Med. 
Ct., Inc., 689 F.2d 1161, 1165 (3d Cir. 1982) (holding that “a prevailing party can be awarded fees 
before the conclusion of protracted litigation”).  See also Golden v. N.J. Inst. Of Tech., 934 F.3d 
302 (3d Cir. 2019) (finding that party was entitled to attorneys’ fees under New Jersey statute 
requiring a party to prevail where the lawsuit served as the catalyst for desired action). 
C. The Co-Executors Are the Prevailing Party Since the Orders Dispensed with the 
Then-Pending Litigation. 
The Virgin Islands Supreme Court recently directed courts to interpret the term 
“prevailing party” for the purposes of awarding attorneys’ fees “liberally and broadly” “in light of 
the Legislature’s intent to indemnify the party that is not at fault in the litigation.”  DaCosta v. 
DaCosta, 74 V.I. 640, 647 (V.I. 2021).  Given the underlying Probate Action, the facts underlying 
the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal, the relief awarded in the Orders, and the law discussed above 
in Sections I.A and B, there can be no doubt that the Co-Executors were the prevailing party here.   
The GVI seeks to frame the “prevailing party” analysis in terms of the merits of the 
claim it filed against the Estate after this Court denied the GVI Appeal with prejudice.  But that 
claim is not what the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal concerned.  Rather, those applications 
exemplified the GVI’s attempted interference with the ongoing administration of the Estate and 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 5 
 
 
the Estate’s funding of the Epstein Victims’ Compensation Program, based purely on the GVI’s 
separate CICO Action and without the GVI submitting to the jurisdiction of the Probate Division 
by filing a formal claim—despite Magistrate Judge Hermon-Percell’s express direction on 
February 4, 2020 that the GVI do so.  The GVI’s consistent strategy throughout these probate 
proceedings has been to assert that it is entitled to control the administration of the Estate with no 
regard for probate rules.  Through the Orders, the Co-Executors prevailed in obtaining the Court’s 
affirmance that the GVI could not assume the Co-Executors’ fiduciary responsibilities and that, if 
the GVI wishes to be heard in the probate proceedings, it must submit to the Probate Division’s 
jurisdiction and file a claim in the Probate Action.  Particularly given the nature of the Probate 
Action, which requires complex administration completely outside of the final determination of 
individual claims, this successful realignment of the parties’ legal relationship is separate from the 
merits of the GVI’s CICO Action.  See supra Section I.B; see also, e.g., Tex. State Teachers Ass’n 
v. Garland Indep. Sch. Dist., 489 U.S. 782, 792 (1989) (finding that a party may be the “prevailing 
party” entitled to legal fees if the resolution of the dispute “changes the legal relationship” between 
the parties).   
II. 
An Award of Attorneys’ Fees Against The GVI Is Appropriate. 
The litigation resolved by the Orders was also separate from the GVI’s claim in the 
Probate Action, which as noted above the GVI did not even file until after the Probate Division 
issued its Orders and this Court upheld those Orders on the GVI Appeal.  That the GVI hopes it 
will eventually succeed in the CICO Action—which forms the sole basis for its probate claim—is 
irrelevant to the award of attorneys’ fees here, and the Court should not deny the Motion for 
Attorneys’ Fees on that basis.   
---

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 6 
 
 
In addition, the Court should reject the GVI’s assertion—for which it once again 
provides no support—that the Court should not award attorneys’ fees because its failed GVI 
Motions and GVI Appeal allegedly relate to a law enforcement action.  (GVI Opp. at 6.)  The 
Virgin Islands Legislature chose to allow prevailing parties to recover costs and attorneys’ fees 
because “a party should not have to bear the legal expenses of demonstrating either that it is not at 
fault or that it is the victim of another’s fault,” and it is intended as an indemnity.  DaCosta, 74 
V.I. at 646-47 (quoting Int’l Leasing & Rental Corp. v. Gann, Civ. No. 08-40, 2010 WL 1284464, 
at *1 (D.V.I. Mar. 23, 2010)) (finding that Section 541 should be interpreted broadly in light of 
this intent).  The GVI’s pending CICO Action does not in and of itself entitle the GVI to obtain 
relief in the Probate Action or use any litigation tactics it chooses to interfere with the orderly 
administration of the Estate; nor does the GVI’s role as a government agency justify forcing the 
Estate to bear the costs of defending against the GVI’s unsuccessful attempts to do so.  See Equivest 
St. Thomas, Inc. v. Gov't of Virgin Islands, No. CIV.2001-155, 2004 WL 3037953, at *7 (D.V.I. 
Dec. 31, 2004) (rejecting the GVI’s argument that it should not have to pay attorneys’ fees and 
costs because of its “financial plight,” particularly given the GVI’s unwise decision to litigate the 
matter at issue).   
To the extent that equity is relevant to the grant of attorneys’ fees, it favors the Co-
Executors.  The GVI made the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal in a vain effort to impede the 
administration of the Estate, including funding of the Epstein Victims’ Compensation Program, 
which provided compensation for 125 individual claimants seeking redress for sexual abuse.  
Moreover, this litigation was needlessly prolonged by the GVI’s year-long delay in appealing the 
GVI Motion to Intervene and the GVI’s refusal to follow Judge Hermon-Percell’s direction to 
observe the requirements of probate claims procedure.  The Court should not countenance such 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 7 
 
 
disregard for court orders and waste of Estate and judicial resources by immunizing the GVI from 
the costs of its ill-advised GVI Motions and GVI Appeal.  
III. 
The Co-Executors’ Counsels’ Rates Are Not Excessive. 
In its opposition, the GVI ignores the case law and evidentiary support presented 
by the Co-Executors regarding the reasonableness of their counsels’ rates.  Instead, the GVI asserts 
flatly that attorneys in the Virgin Islands can never, under any circumstances, obtain compensation 
greater than $350 per hour.  (GVI Opp. at 7-8.)  The Court should not credit the GVI’s refusal to 
consider the Virgin Islands Supreme Court’s direction that an attorney’s normal billing rate is 
evidence of a reasonable rate, the experience of the attorneys in question, the magnitude and 
complexity of the Estate and the unprecedented challenge presented by the GVI Motions and GVI 
Appeal, or the evidence that rates for attorneys in the Virgin Islands have risen (like the costs of 
everything else) in the years since courts approved unchanging rates for Virgin Islands attorneys.  
As the Virgin Islands Supreme Court recently held, courts cannot simply apply a preconceived 
belief regarding attorneys’ rates in the Virgin Islands—rather, they must consider evidence 
including the attorneys’ normal billing rates.  Mahabir v. Heirs of James Wellington George, S. 
Ct. Civ. No. 2014-0025, 2021 WL 6100552, at *3 (V.I. Dec. 22, 2021) (finding that courts should 
not use preconceived notions of current standard rates as a basis to lower the requested standard 
rate and that “the value of an attorney’s time generally is reflected in his normal billing rate”) 
(quoting Estien v. Christian, 507 F.2d 61, 63 (3d Cir. 1975)).2     
 
2. With regard to the rates of the Co-Executors’ New York counsel, the GVI cites no law in support of its untenable 
position that the Court should not consider prevailing New York rates in determining reasonable compensation.  
The GVI’s own use of Motley Rice LLC—a firm with more than 100 attorneys and offices in New York, New 
Jersey, Washington, D.C., South Carolina, Rhode Island, Connecticut, West Virginia and Pennsylvania—to 
represent it in the CICO and Probate Actions demonstrates the GVI’s recognition that counsel outside of the 
Virgin Islands with special expertise in similar cases is necessary and appropriate here.   

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 8 
 
 
IV. 
The Hours Expended by the Co-Executors’ Counsel in Defeating the GVI Motions 
and GVI Appeal Are Reasonable. 
Finally, the GVI argues that the Court should exclude several of the Co-Executors’ 
counsels’ time entries because they contain “vague descriptions, duplicative tasks, unrelated 
matters, and clerical work.”  (GVI Opp. at 9.)  Despite the GVI’s contention, those time entries are 
reasonable.   
A. The Time Entries Are Not Vague. 
Courts in the Virgin Islands have recognized that allegedly “vague” billing entries 
are reasonable where, as here, they are “sufficiently clear to allow [the court] to know the tasks to 
which [the attorney] devoted his time.”  Watts v. Blake-Coleman, No. CV 2011-61, 2014 WL 
902231, at *2 (D.V.I. Mar. 7, 2014) (quoting Tenafly Eruv Ass’n, Inc. v. Borough of Tenafly, 195 
F.App’x 93 (3d Cir. 2006)) (finding that entries such as “Attn to brief” and “Attn to reply” provided 
the requisite level of specificity).  The Third Circuit has similarly held that time entries that provide 
the “general nature of the activity and the subject activity where possible,” as well as “the date the 
activity took place and the amount of time worked on the activity,” are reasonable.  Rode v. 
Dellarciprete, 892 F.2d 1177, 1191 (3d Cir. 1990); see also Washington v. Phila. Cnty. Court of 
Common Pleas, 89 F.3d 1031, 1038 (3d Cir. 1996) (same). 
Likewise, courts in the Virgin Islands have granted attorneys’ fees for time entries 
consisting of so-called “block billing” where the court was “able to determine that the time spent 
on the various tasks was reasonable.”  Chem. Bank v. Lampe Fam. Living Tr. (Irrevocable Living 
Tr. Agreement), No. CV 2018-23, 2019 WL 4259459, at *3 (D.V.I. Sept. 9, 2019).  It is “not 
necessary to know the exact number of minutes spent nor the precise activity to which each hour 
was devoted nor the specific attainments of each attorney.”  Rode, 892 F.2d at 1190 (quoting Lindy 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 9 
 
 
Bros. Builders, Inc. of Phila. v. American Radiator & Standard Sanatory Corp., 487 F.2d 161, 167 
(3d Cir.1973)).  
Here, the GVI claims that several billing entries are “vague” because they contain 
“block billing,” that certain words contained in the entries are “unclear,” or that the amount of time 
spent on each individual task set forth in the entry is not separately broken out.  (GVI Opp. Ex. 2.)  
That is baseless nit-picking:  each of the entries conveys the nature of the activity and overall time 
worked, and is sufficient for the Court to determine that the amount of time spent was reasonable.  
Similarly, while the GVI asserts that some entries are “vague” because the GVI claims that it 
cannot discern to which hearing or motion the entry refers, not only do the entries themselves make 
that information abundantly clear—for example, the GVI absurdly claims that it cannot tell what 
hearing the Co-Executors’ counsel attended on February 4, 2020, when Judge Hermon-Percell 
conducted an all-day evidentiary hearing which the GVI’s attorneys also attended (GVI Opp. Ex. 
2 (Christopher Kroblin’s 10th expressly-listed time entry))—but the attorneys’ affidavits attached 
to the Motion for Attorneys’ Fees also state that the relevant time entries relate to the GVI Motions 
and GVI Appeal.   
B. The Time Entries Are Not Duplicative. 
The GVI also argues that the Estate’s entries are “duplicative” because more than 
one attorney participated in drafting or revising briefs in successful opposition to the GVI Motions 
and GVI Appeal.   
The GVI’s argument misses the mark.  Courts in the Third Circuit have recognized 
that “overlapping” billing entries are reasonable when each attorney plays a “differing role” in 
accomplishing certain tasks or each attorney’s presence is “essential” to the completion of the task.  
See, e.g., Hatchett v. Cty. of Philadelphia, No. CIV.A. 09-1708, 2010 WL 4054285, at *4 (E.D. 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 10 
 
 
Pa. Oct. 15, 2010) (finding that overlapping time entries were reasonable where multiple attorneys 
billed for attending a conference and a meeting); Inventor Holdings, LLC v. Bed Bath & Beyond 
Inc., No. CV 14-448-GMS, 2016 WL 10957312, at *1 n.1 (D. Del. July 14, 2016), aff’d, 876 F.3d 
1372 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (finding that, where multiple attorneys billed to complete a particular 
project, the hours expended were reasonable).   
As detailed in the Motion for Attorneys’ Fees and discussed above, defeating the 
GVI Motions and GVI Appeal was of significant importance to the Co-Executors and the Probate 
Division’s oversight over the ongoing administration of the Estate, and those applications had far-
reaching implications for the Estate and the Epstein Victims’ Compensation Program.  (Mot. for 
Attorneys’ Fees at 8-9, 17-18.)  Moreover, the GVI’s attempt to intervene in the Probate Action 
and seize control of the Estate’s assets rested on unsupported applications of law and baseless 
accusations concerning the Co-Executors and the Probate Division’s ability to effectively 
administer the Estate.  It is both unsurprising and reasonable that completing the tasks necessary 
to defeat those applications required the input of different attorneys—each of whom has differing 
expertise and knowledge of different aspects of the Estate.  As each of these attorneys played a 
different role and was essential to completion of the tasks necessary to defeat the GVI’s ill-
conceived applications, there is no unreasonable duplication in the time entries.   
Moreover, the rules and orders governing pro hac vice admission to practice law 
before Virgin Islands courts require that the regularly admitted attorney who moved for a pro hac 
vice admission review the work of pro hac vice counsel and accompany such counsel to hearings 
to insure compliance with local rules.  See, e.g., V.I. S. Ct. R. 201(a)(4) (“The regularly admitted 
attorney of record shall be accountable to the Supreme Court for the timely prosecution of such 
causes and compliance with all applicable rules . . .”).  Not only is it not duplicative to have both 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 11 
 
 
pro hac vice and regularly admitted Virgin Islands counsel work together on briefs and appear 
together at hearings, it is actually required. 
C. The Time Entries Do Not Contain Unrelated Entries. 
The GVI also incorrectly asserts that the Estate “lumped” together unrelated time 
entries, pointing mainly to references to the Epstein Victims’ Compensation Program and 
incidental tasks related to administration of the Estate that arose in direct relation to the GVI 
Motions and GVI Appeal.  As discussed above and in the Motion for Attorneys’ Fees, the GVI’s 
primary purpose in filing the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal was to wrongfully interfere with the 
ongoing administration of the Estate, including funding of the Epstein Victims’ Compensation 
Program.  The GVI therefore should not be surprised that its applications required some work to 
defend.  As all of the time entries relate to the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal, they are reasonable 
and should be allowed.  See, e.g., Tangible Value, LLC v. Town Sports Int’l Holdings, Inc., No. 
10-1453-MAS-TJB, 2014 BL 325994, at *11 (D.N.J. Nov. 17, 2014) (finding that the “bundling” 
of numerous tasks under a single entry was reasonable where the tasks were not grouped together 
“indiscriminately,” but were instead related); Washington Federal Savings Bank v. McGuier (In 
re McGuier), 346 B.R. 151, 168 (Bankr. W.D. Pa. 2006) (finding that “lumped” time entries were 
reasonable based on the “specificity of the entries and the Court’s actual knowledge of services 
provided”).   
D. The Time Entries Are Not for Clerical Work. 
While the GVI complains about time spent by Virgin Islands legal assistant Shauna 
Betz, the weight of authority holds that time spent by paralegals and legal assistants is properly 
recoverable.  See, e.g., MRL Development, LLC v. Whitecap Investment Corp., Civ. No. 2013-48, 
2017 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 46211, at *11 (D.V.I. March 23, 2017) (collecting cases).  The GVI cites 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 12 
 
 
no authority for its bizarre theory that a movant must identify an individual (here, the same 
individual) as a “paralegal” rather than a “legal assistant” in order for their services to be 
compensable.  See id. (using the terms paralegal and legal assistant interchangeably).  Likewise, 
while the GVI complains that Ms. Betz’s work in cases where courts found her time recoverable 
“included drafting pleadings,” her work here likewise include proofreading and reviewing briefs.  
(See, e.g., GVI Opp. Ex. 2 (Ms. Betz’s time entries).)  
The GVI’s other complaints about purported “clerical work” likewise fail.  As each 
of the time entries relates to preparation and drafting of the Co-Executors’ oppositions to the GVI 
Motions and GVI Appeal, these entries are reasonable. 
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons set forth herein and in the Motion for Attorneys’ Fees, the Co-
Executors respectfully request that the Court issue an award reimbursing them for their attorneys’ 
fees incurred in successfully opposing the GVI Motions and GVI Appeal in the amount of 
$112,216.90. 
 
Respectfully, 
Dated: April 7, 2022 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin  
 
 
 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966, 1221 & R2019 
 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 
 

Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein  
 
Probate No. ST-21-RV-05 
Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees 
Page 13 
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 7th day of April 2022, I caused a true and exact copy 
of the foregoing Reply in Support of Motion for Award of Attorneys’ Fees to be served via 
VIJEFS upon: 
Denise N. George, Esq., Attorney General 
Carol Thomas-Jacobs, Esq., Deputy Attorney General 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq., Chief, Civil Division 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
34-38 Krondprinsdens Gade 
GERS Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00804 
denise.george@vi.gov 
carol.jacobs@vi.gov 
ariel.smith@vi.gov 
 
Linda J. Singer, Esq. 
Motley Rice LLC 
402 9th Street NW, Suite 1001 
Washington, D.C.  20004 
lsinger@motleyrice.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin  
 
