METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Farmer v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10474 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 009.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cv-10474-NRB   Document 9   Filed 12/06/19   Page 1 of 3
ARTHwR L. AIDALA 
MARIANNE E. SEP.TUNA 
HON, 9Af'<~V l{AM)NS (RE:T.) 
JOHN S, ESPOSITO 
DOMINICK GULLO 
MICHAEL T. JACCARINO 
lMRAN H. ANSARI 
Al':ORO:.<. M. AP.RIGO 
SENIOR COUNSc-L 
LOUJS P... AlDAl..A 
J0$f;Pl-i P. U3ARATTA 
VIAECF 
Honorable Naomi Reice Buchwald 
S46 FiF'TH AVi,NUE: 
NEW YORK, NY t 0036 
TELEPHONE: (2 ! 2) 461$-0011 
F'AC$IN!IL!,: (212) 7)50•8297 
WWW,AIOAl..AL.AW.COM 
United States District Court - Southern District of New York 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007 
8 I 13 .. 1 zrM AVENUE 
c!ROOKl YN, Ne:W YORK 11 228 
T,;:1,.; (7 1 Si 23$-9898 
FAX: (71 S) 921·329:a 
December 5, 2019 
OF COUNSEL 
JOSEPM A. BAR,~TTA 
JENNIFER CASSANORA 
PETER W. KOLP 
WtLLiAM R. SANTO 
PETER S. THOMAS 
Re: 
Maria Farmer v. Darren K Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, in their capacities as the 
executors of the Estate Of Jeffrey Edward Epstein, Civil Action No. 19-cv-10474 
Dear Judge Buchwald, 
We are counsel to non-party Alan Dershowitz (hereinafter "Dershowitz"). We respectfully submit this letter 
to request a pre-motion conference in compliance with Rule 2.B of the Court's Individual Practice Rules, 
and seek permission to file a motion for limited intervention in order to move to strike redundant, 
immaterial, impertinent, and scandalous matter contained in Maria Farmer's (hereinafter "Farmer") 
complaint pursuant to F.R.C.P. Rule 12(f), and separately, move for the imposition of sanctions, and an 
award attorney's fees and costs, against Farmer and her attorneys at Boies Schiller Flexner LLP (hereinafter 
"BSF"). Alternatively, we request that the Court exercise its authority pursuant to F.R.C.P. Rule 12(f)(l) 
and strike the offending content sua sponte. 
Farmer has gratuitously included an impertinent, irrelevant and false allegation in her Complaint. The 
offending paragraph (39) reads as follows: Eventually, Epstein modified Maria's job duties to focus on 
monitoring and keeping records of who entered Epstein's New York mansion. In her position at the front 
door, she observed that Maxwell was regularly bringing school-aged girls to the mansion and that the girls 
were always escorted upstairs. Among the guests that came to the mansion, Maria observed Alan 
Dershowitz, a lawyer, on a number of occasions, and observed that he would go upstairs at the same time 
the young girls were there. 
The scandalous and defamatory insinuation is blatantly clear and has no relevance to the two causes of 
action Farmer is bringing against the Defendants in this case: Battery and Intentional Infliction of Emotional 
Distress. At issue is whether Jeffrey Epstein committed the tort of battery against Farmer and intentionally 
inflicted emotional distress upon her for which Epstein's estate is liable. The irrelevant and false allegation 
levelled against Dershowitz has absolutely no bearing as to the elements of the two causes of action brought 
by Farmer, nor the anticipated defenses to be asserted by Epstein's Estate. There is simply no legitimate 
purpose for including the offending content in the Complaint, and it is entirely prejudicial, defamatory, and 
harmful to the reputation of Dershowitz, and was clearly interjected into the complaint out of spite, to 
defame and to solicit media attention. 
Dershowitz has confronted the allegation made by Farmer previously. In a declaration attached to his 
Motion to Disqualify BSF as counsel for Virginia Giuffre in the Giuffre v. Dershowitz case, Dershowitz 
1 

Case 1:19-cv-10474-NRB   Document 9   Filed 12/06/19   Page 2 of 3
stated the following: Maria Farmer has filed an affidavit in which she falsely claims that she saw me 
walking up the steps of Jeffrey Epstein's house with young women. Not only is that claim absolutely and 
categorically false, it is provably false by the indisputable chronology. Farmer terminated any relationship 
she had with Epstein during the summer of 1996, when she was working for Leslie Wexner in Ohio and 
claims to have been assaulted by Epstein. I did not even meet Epstein until after Farmer terminated her 
relationship with him. I was never in Epstein's New York house until after Farmer was no longer in the 
house. There is no possible wcy that Farmer could have ever seen me in Epstein's house. Nor is there any 
possible wcy she could have seen me in the presence of Jeffrey Epstein with any underage females, because 
no such event ever occurred. 
The complaint posits the scandalous and salacious allegation to garner negative press for Dershowitz while 
he litigates on other fronts. Having successfully disqualified BSF from representing Virginia Giuffre in her 
action against him, the gratuitous inclusion of the allegation reeks of personal animus. To the detrirneµt of 
Dershowitz, and as Farmer and her counsel at BSF surely anticipated, the media immediately picked up on 
the allegation. To this date Dershowitz continues to be hounded by media inquiries into the false and 
surreptitious allegations. For example, upon the filing of Farmer's Complaint, countless major news outlets 
included the allegations contained in Paragraph 39 in their reporting of the filing of the complaint, including 
but not limited to, the New York Times, the New York Post, the New York Daily News, The Daily Mail, 
and The Toronto Sun. 
Dershowitz is entitled to intervention pursuant to F.R.C.P. Rule 24 
Dershowitz is permitted to intervention as of right pursuant to F.R.C.P. Rule 24(a)(2) and to permissive 
intervention pursuant to F.R.C.P. Rule 24(b)(l)(B). F.R.C.P. Rule 24(a)(2) requires the Court to allow 
anyone to intervene who claims an interest relating to the transaction that is the subject of the action, and 
is so situated that disposing of the action may as a practical matter impair or impede the movant' s ability 
to protect its interest, unless existing parties adequately represent that interest. Injury to reputation 
satisfies this criteria. (Sackman v. Liggett Grp., Inc., 167 F.R.D. 6, 20-21 [E.D.N.Y. 1996] citing 
Penthouse Int'L Ltd. v. Playboy Enterprises, Inc., 663 F.2d 371,373,392 [2d Cir. 1981]; In re Bank ofNew 
York Derivative Litig., 320 F3d 291, 300 [2d Cir 2003.]) 
Dershowitz's reputation is again being attacked and as such that he has an interest relating to the subject 
matter of this action. In defending the suit that Plaintiff have brought, the Defendants will not necessarily 
need to defend against or seek to disprove the false allegation that Dershowitz was at Epstein's home with 
young girls, which surely insinuates nefarious conduct. Only Dershowitz is situated to protect his 
reputational interest here. 
As Dershowitz adequately meets the criteria for intervention of right, he surely meets the less restrictive 
requirements for permissive intervention. Rule 24(b )(2) provides that: Upon timely application anyone mcy 
be permitted to intervene in an action ... when an applicant's claim or defense and the main action have a 
question of law or fact in common .... In exercising its discretion the court shall consider whether the 
intervention will unduly delcy or prejudice the adjudication of the rights of the original parties. "[T]he 
words claim or defense [in permissive intervention] are not to be read in a technical sense, but only require 
some interest on the part of the applicant." (Louis Berger Grp., Inc. v. State Bank of India, 802 F.Supp.2d 
482, 488 [S.D.N.Y. 2011] (quoting Dow Jones & Co. v. U.S. Dep't of Justice, 161 F.R.D. 247, 254 
[S.D.N.Y. 1995]; United States v. Yonkers Bd. of Educ., 801 F.2d 593, 594-95 [2d Cir. 1986]; U.S. Postal 
Serv. v. Brennan, 579 F.2d 188, 191 [2d Cir. 1978]; Consumer Fin. Prot. Bureau v. Sprint Corp., 320 F.R.D. 
358, 361 [S.D.N.Y. 2017]) 
Here, the Dershowitz adequately exemplifies "some interest on the part of the applicant" to satisfy the 
requirements of permissive intervention under Rule 24(b )(2) in protecting himself against gratuitous 
2 

Case 1:19-cv-10474-NRB   Document 9   Filed 12/06/19   Page 3 of 3
defamation. Dershowitz seeks intervention for the limited purpose of moving to strike the allegation against 
him to the extent it gratuitously and impertinently alleges scandalous and salacious content bearing no 
relevance to the causes of action that Farmer brings against the Defendants. Dershowitz' s motion will be 
timely as this request is filed approximately three weeks after the filing of Farmer's complaint and before 
the Defendants have joined issue by way of a responsive pleading, let alone the taking of any discovery. As 
such, it cannot be said that Dershowitz's limited intervention would unduly delay or prejudice the parties. 
Dershowitz will move to strike the allegation pursuant to F.R.C.P. Rule 12(f) 
If permitted to intervene, Dershowitz will seek to strike the defamatory and baseless allegation in Paragraph 
39 from Farmer's Complaint. The Court has authority to strike material that is "redundant, immaterial, 
impertinent, or scandalous" pursuant to F.R.C.P. Rule 12(f). Motions to strike will be granted when it is 
"clear that the allegations in question can have no possible bearing on the subject matter of the litigation.' 
(Lennon v. Seaman, 63 F. Supp. 2d 428, 446 [S.D.N.Y. 1999]; OTG Brands, LLC v. Walgreen Co., No. 
13-CV-9066 (ALC), 2015 WL 1499559, at *5 [S.D.N.Y. Mar. 31, 2015] (a party seeking to strike 
allegations must show that evidence in support of the allegation would be inadmissible, the allegations have 
no bearing on relevant issues, and permitting the allegations to stand "would result in prejudice to the 
movant.") Lipsky v. Commonwealth United Corp., 551 F.2d 887,893 [2d Cir. 1976]). 
Furthermore, the Court has the authority to strike such material on its own accord pursuant to F .R.C.P. Rule 
12(f)(l). In fact, Virginia Giuffre's allegations against Dershowitz contained the in the Motion for Joinder 
and in subsequent court filings in the CVRA case were eventually stricken from the record by Honorable 
Kenneth A. Marra, United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida sua sponte as being 
redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter pursuant to F.R.C.P. 12(f) upon Dershowitz 
motion for intervention in that case in order to move to strike. Judge Marra stated: 
" ... Mr. Dershowitz moves to intervene "for the limited purposes of moving to strike the outrageous and 
impertinent allegations made against him and requesting a show cause order to the attorneys that have 
made them." As the Court has taken it upon itself to strike the impertinent factual details.from the Rule 21 
Motion and related filings, the Court concludes that Mr. Derschowitz's [sic] intervention in this case is 
unnecessary. Accordingly, his motion to intervene will be denied as moot. Regarding whether a show cause 
order should issue, the Court finds that its action of striking the lurid details from Petitioners' submissions 
is sanction enough. However, the Court cautions that all counsel are subject to Rule 11 's mandate that all 
submissions be presented for a proper purpose and factual contentions have evidentiary support ... and that 
the Court may, on its own, strike from any pleading "any redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous 
matter". 
As the Hon. Jose A. Cabranes stated in Brown v Maxwell, 929 F3d 41, 47 (2d Cir 2019): "Our legal process 
is already susceptible to abuse ... Shielded by the "litigation privilege, " bad actors can defame opponents 
in court pleadings or depositions without fear of lawsuit and liability." Dershowitz is a victim of such 
abuse, and as such, he should be afforded the opportunity to seek relief by way of intervention. 
Finally, if permitted to intervene, Dershowitz will seek the imposition of sanctions against Farmer and BSF, 
and an award of attorney's fees and costs, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1927 and/or F.R.C.P. Rule 11. 
CC: All Counsel of Record (via ECF) 
3 
