METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Bryant v. Indyke, No. 119-cv-10479 (S.D.N.Y. 2019)
METADATA_FILENAME: 028.pdf
----------------------------------------
Troutman Sanders LLP 
875 Third Avenue 
New York, New York  10022 
troutman.com 
MatthewJ. Aaronson 
Matthew.aaronson@troutman.com 
May 8, 2020 
Via ECF 
Hon. Debra C. Freeman 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl St. 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
Jane Doe 1000, 1:19-cv-10577-LJL-DCF; Teresa Helm, 1:19-cv-10476-PGG-DCF; 
Juliette Bryant, 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF
Dear Judge Freeman: 
We represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of the 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (together, the “Co-Executors”), in the above-referenced actions 
commenced by Plaintiffs Jane Doe 1000, Teresa Helm and Juliette Bryant (the “Actions”).  
Plaintiffs filed a letter in each of the Actions yesterday seeking a pre-motion conference on 
Plaintiffs’ anticipated motions to compel, among other things, interrogatory responses (the 
“Letters”).  While we address threshold issues with the Letters below – primarily that they are 
premature and inconsistent with Your Honor’s individual rules and directions regarding the parties’ 
obligation to engage in meaningful efforts to resolve discovery issues before seeking the court’s 
intervention – one of Your Honor’s explicitly stated pet peeves – we respectfully request that the 
Court deny the requests for pre-motion conferences as an unnecessary waste of the Court’s time.  
Alternatively, the Co-Executors request permission to submit a response to the substantive issues 
raised in the Letters by May 13, 2020, by which time Co-Executors expect to have supplemented 
their interrogatory responses, which is something the Co-Executors agreed to do as a 
compromise, before Plaintiffs went ahead and filed the Letters with the Court.
The timing of the Letters is particularly troubling considering that the parties’ meet-and-
confer process was still very much on-going with respect to issues raised by both sides.  In fact, 
we emailed Plaintiffs’ counsel on May 6 seeking confirmation that, in light of the parties’ continued 
communications to resolve certain discovery issues, which only commenced on April 27, 
neither side would seek judicial intervention at this time, consistent with Your Honor’s directives.   
Plaintiffs responded to that email yesterday at 5:41PM – 35 mins before they filed the 
Letters – leaving us no opportunity to respond to Plaintiffs’ suggestion that the Parties were at an 
impasse.  That is perplexing, given that the Co-Executors advised Plaintiffs’ counsel during our 
conversation on April 27 (and again as recently as May 5) that the Co-Executors would be 
supplementing their interrogatory responses and would consider their position on a number of the 
issues Plaintiffs raised and get back to them.  Plaintiffs’ inexplicable rush to demand a pre-motion 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 28   Filed 05/08/20   Page 1 of 2
troutmariP 
sanders 

May 8, 2020 
Page 2
conference not only violates Your Honor’s rules and explicit directions, it appears designed to 
obtain a perceived litigation advantage in an effort to detract from Plaintiffs’ refusal to comply with 
their own discovery obligations (including, for example, their refusal to produce all of their medical 
records, and not just those that Plaintiffs unilaterally deem relevant to these actions).  Again, these 
are issues which the Co-Executors had believed the parties were still discussing in good faith. 
Accordingly, the Court should deny Plaintiffs’ request for a pre-motion conference on the 
grounds that the Letters are premature, misconstrue the nature of the Parties’ discussions and 
violate Your Honor’s rules concerning the Parties’ obligations to meet and confer in good faith in 
an effort to resolve or narrow discovery disputes.  However, if Your Honor is inclined to consider 
Plaintiffs’ request, then the Co-Executors respectfully request permission to submit a response to 
the substantive issues raised in the Letters by May 13, 2020. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Matthew J. Aaronson 
Matthew J. Aaronson 
cc: Counsel of Record (via ECF) 
Case 1:19-cv-10479-ALC-DCF   Document 28   Filed 05/08/20   Page 2 of 2
troutman1' 
sanders 
