METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Doe No. 8 v. Epstein, No. 909-cv-80802 (S.D. Fla. 2009)
METADATA_FILENAME: 027-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:09-cv-80802-KAM   Document 27-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/12/2010   Page 1 of 5
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CIV -MARRA/JOHNSON· 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
______________ 
__,! 
NOTICE OF TAKING VIDEOTAPED DEPOSITION 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the Plaintiff, JANE DOE, will take the deposition of 
Jean Luc Bruhel on Tuesday, September 22, 2009, at 10:00 a.m., at: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715 
New York, NY 10119 
The deposition shall be conducted pursuant to the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure 
and shall continue day to day, weekends and holidays excepted, until completed. 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served 
by U.S. Mail and email transmission this/ /t/!aay of August, 2009 to all those on the 
attached Service List. 
1 

Case 9:09-cv-80802-KAM   Document 27-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/12/2010   Page 2 of 5
cc: 
Esquire Court Reporters 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: (954) 522-3456 
Fax: (954) 527-8663 
Email: bedwards@rra-law.com 
• B~SQ 
By· 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 

Case 9:09-cv-80802-KAM   Document 27-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/12/2010   Page 3 of 5
AO SSA (Rev.01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff 
V, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Civil Action No. 08-90893CIV-MARRA/JOHNSO 
(If the action is pending in another district, state where: 
SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY AT A DEPOSITION 
OR TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: Jean Luc Bruhel, 301 E. 66th Street, New York, NY 
,I Testimony: YOU ARE COMMANDED to appear at the time, date, and place set forth below to testify at a 
deposition to be take.i in this civil action. If you are an organization that is not a party in this case, you must designate 
one or more officers, directors, or managing agents, or designate other persons who consent to testify on your behalf 
about the following matters, or those set forth in an attachment: 
Place: Esquire Court Reporters, One Penn Plaza 
Suite 4715, New York, NY 
The deposition will be recorded by this method: 
Date and Time: 
09/22/2009 10:00 am 
□ Production: You, or your representatives, must also bring with you to the deposition the following documents, 
electronically stored infonnation, or objects, and permit their inspection, copying, testing, or sampling of the 
material: 
The provisions of Ped. R. Civ. P. 45(c), relating to your protection as a person subject to a subpoena, and Rule 
45 ( d) and ( e ), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so, are 
attached. 
Date: 
CLERK OF COURT 
OR 
Signature a/Clerk or Deputy Clerk 
Attorney's signature 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing (name of party) 
___________________________ , who issues or requests this subpoena, are: 
Brad Edwards, Esq., Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, 401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Bedwards@rra-law.com. (954) 522 2346 

Case 9:09-cv-80802-KAM   Document 27-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/12/2010   Page 4 of 5
AO 88A (Rev. 01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 08-90893CIV-MARRAIJOHNSO 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title, if any) 
was received by me on (date) 
0 I personally served the subpoena on the individual at (place) 
-----------------------
on (date) --------
0 I left the subpoena at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
; or 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
-------------------
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
--------
0 I served the subpoena on (name of individual) 
, who is 
----------------
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 
on (date) 
; or 
-------------------------
---------
0 I returned the subpoena unexecuted because 
0 Other (specify): 
--------------------
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
$ 
My fees are$ 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of$ 
0.00 
--------
-------
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Date: 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
; or 

Case 9:09-cv-80802-KAM   Document 27-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 03/12/2010   Page 5 of 5
AO 88A (Rev. 01/09) Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition or to Produce Documents in a Civi! Action (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 45 (c), (d), and (e) (Effective 12/1/07) 
(c) Protecting a Person Subject to a Subpoena. 
(])Avoiding Undue Burden or Expense; Sanctions. A party or 
attorney responsible for issuing and serving a subpoena must take 
reasonable steps to avoid imposing undue burden or expense on a 
person subject to the subpoena. The issuing court must enforce this 
duty and impose an appropriate sanction -
which may include lost 
earnings and reasonable attorney's fees -
on a party or attorney 
who fails to comply. 
(2) Command to Produce Materials or Perl1Ut Inspection. 
(A) Appearance Not Required. A person commanded to produce 
documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or 
to permit the inspection of premises, need not appear in person at the 
place of production or inspection unless also commanded to appear 
for a deposition, hearing, or trial. 
(B) Objections. A person commanded to produce documents or 
tangible things or to permit inspection may serve on the party or 
attorney designated in the subpoena a written objection to 
inspecting, copying, testing or sampling any or all of the materials or 
to inspecting the premises -
or to producing electronically stored 
information in the form or forms requested. The objection must be 
served before the earlier of the time specified for compliance or 14 
days after the subpoena is served. If an objection is made, the 
following rules apply: 
(i) At any time, on notice to the commanded person, the serving 
party may move the issuing comt for an order compelling production 
or inspection. 
(ii) These acts may be required only as directed in the order, and 
the order must protect a person who is neither a party nor a party's 
officer from significant expense resulting from compliance. 
(3) Quashing or Modifying a Subpoena. 
(A) When Required. On timely motion, the issuing court must 
quash or modify a subpoena that: 
(i) fails to allow a reasonable time to comply; 
(ii) requires a person ·.vho is neither a party nor a party's officer 
to travel more than I 00 miles from where that person resides, is 
employed, or regularly transacts business in person -
except that, 
subject to Rule 45(c)(3)(B)(iii), the person may be commanded to 
attend a trial by traveling from any such place within the state where 
the trial is held; 
(iii) requires disclosure of privileged or other protected matter, if 
no exception or waiver applies; or 
(iv) subjects a person to undue burden. 
(B) When Permitted. To protect a person subject to or affected by 
a subpoena, the issuing court may, on motion, quash or modify the 
subpoena if it requires: 
(i) disclosing a trade secret or other confidential research, 
development, or commercial infonnation; 
(ii) disclosing an unretained expert's opinion or information that 
does not describe specific occurrences in dispute and results from 
the expert's study that was not requested by a party; or 
(iii) a person who is neither a party nor a party's officer to incur 
substantial expense to travel more than 100 miles to attend trial. 
(C) Specifying Conditions as an Alternative. In the circumstances 
described in Rule 45(c)(3)(B), the court may, instead of quashing or 
modifying a subpoena, order appearance or production under 
specified conditions if the serving party: 
(i) shows a substantial need for the testimony or material that 
cannot be otherwise met without undue hardship; and 
(ii) ensures that the subpoenaed person will be reasonably 
compensated. 
(d) Duties in Responding to a Subpoena. 
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information. 
These procedures apply 10 producing documents or electronically 
stored information: 
(A) Documents. A person responding to a subpoena to produce 
documents must produce them as they are kept in the ordinary 
course of business or must organize and label them to correspond to 
the categories in the demand. 
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not 
Specified. If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing 
electronically stored information, the person responding must 
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or 
in a reasonably usable form or forms. 
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One 
Form. The person responding need not produce the same 
electronically stored information in more than one form. 
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information. The person 
responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored 
information from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably 
accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel 
discovery or for a protective order, the person responding must show 
that the information is not reasonably accessible because of undue 
burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless 
order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows 
good cause, considering the limitations of Rule 26(b)(2)(C). The 
court may specify conditions for the discovery. 
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection. 
(A) Information Withheld. A person withholding subpoenaed 
information under a claim that it is privileged or subject to 
protection as trial-preparation material must 
(i) expressly make the claim; and 
(ii) describe the nature of the withheld documents, 
communications, or tangible things in a manner that, without 
revealing information itself privileged or protected, will enable the 
parties to assess the claim. 
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in response to a 
subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege or of protection as trial-
preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any 
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. 
After being notified, a party must promptly return, sequester, or 
destroy the specified infonnation and any copies it has; must not use 
or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take 
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it 
before being notified; and may promptly present the information to 
the court under seal for a determination of the claim. The person 
who produced the information must preserve the information until 
the claim is resolved. 
(e) Contempt. The issuing court may hold in contempt a person 
who, having been served, fails without adequate excuse to obey the 
subpoena. A nonparty's failure to obey must be excused if the 
subpoena purports to require the nonparty to attend or produce at a 
place outside the limits ofRule 45(c)(3)(A)(ii). 
