METADATA_SOURCE: DOJ Disclosures\Memos. & Correspondence
METADATA_FILENAME: 2025.02.27 Letter from Attorney General Bondi to FBI Director Patel.pdf
----------------------------------------
Dear Director Patel, 
• (ll)fftce of t~t l\ttorttcll ®tntraf 
llasqington.E. QI. 20530 
February 27, 2025 
Before you came into office, I requested the full and complete files related to Jeffrey 
Epstein. In response to this request, I received approximately 200 pages of documents, which 
consisted primarily of flight logs, Epstein's list ofcontacts, and a list of victims' names and 
phone numbers. 
I repeatedly questioned whether this was the full set of documents responsive to my 
request and was repeatedly assured by the FBI that we had received the full set of documents. 
Lateyesterday; I learned from a source that the FBI Field Office inNew York was in possession 
of thousands of pages of documents related. to the investigation and indictment. of Epstein. 
Despite my repeated requests, the FBI never disclosed the existence of these files. 'When ydii 
and I spoke yesterday, you wetejustas surprised as I was to learn this newirtforrrtation. 
By 8: 00 a.m. tomorrow, February 2 8; the FBI will deliver the full and complete Epstein 
files to my office~ including all records;documents, audio and video recordings, and materials 
related to Jeffrey Epstein artd his clients, regardless :of how such infonnation was obtained. 
There will be no withholdings or limitations to my ot your access. The Department ofJustice 
will ensure that any public disclosure of these files·will be doriein a manner fo ptotect the 
privacy of victims and in acco.rdance · with law, as I have done my entire career as a prosecutor. 
I am also directing you to conductan immediateinvestigation into Why tny order to the 
FBI was not followed. YouwiU deliver tome a c.omprehensive reportofyour findings and 
proposed personnel action within 14 days. 
I appreciate youtimmediate attention to this importantntatter. I know that we are both 
comntitted to transparency for the American people, and I look forward to continuing to work 
'With you to• serve our President and out country; 
~
• ci:,ri:ly, . 
. • av.~ i; 
• • e:la.Bondi 
Attorney Gerteral 
