METADATA_SOURCE: Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)\Florida
METADATA_FILENAME: Epstein Part 21 (Redacted).pdf
----------------------------------------
l 
07/26/17
Page 2255
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

AFFIDAVIT AND APPLICATION FOR SEARCH WARRANT 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT IN AND FOR 
PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA, ) 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH ) 
BEFORE ME: Honorable Judge Laura Johnson 
in and for Palm Beach County, personally appeared this day: 
Detective Joseph Recarey 
who being by me first duly sworn, deposes and says that he believes and has good reason to believe that a certain 
Premises located in Palm Beach Florida, described as follows, to-wit: 
358 El Brillo Road 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
To reach the premise desired to be searched, begin at the middle span of the Royal Park Bridge and travel East 
on 
Way approximately .6 (six tenths) of a mile until you reach South County Road. At South County 
Road, make a right or southbound turn and travel approximately .8 (eight tenths) of a mile to El Brillo Way. At El 
Brillo Way, make a right or westbound turn and travel approximately .1 (one tenth) of a mile to the last house on 
the South side of El Brillo clearly marked with the number 358. 
The premises desired to be searched is two story, single family residence made of CBS construction. The 
residence is pink in color with white trim and has a white concrete tile roof. The residence has two separate 
driveway entrances from El Brillo paved in large white tiles. The eastern most driveway is separated by a large 
white in color concrete wall with black in color numbers "358" clearly displayed from El Brillo and leads to the east 
side of the residence. On the east side of residence, there are three single car garage doors, which are white in 
color and an entry door also white in color to South. Each driveway entrance has a white in color call box, which 
is fixed on the east side of the driveways. The western most driveway leads to the North side of the residence, to 
a large white in color double door on the first floor. The second story of the North side of the residence shows a 
small walkway with a white in color metal railway, and leads to three glass jalousie style doors. On the South East 
corner of the residence is a single story structure, made of CBS construction and is white in color with a white 
concrete tile roof. 
To enter and search the afore described place and premise together with the yard and curtilage thereof, and any 
and all outbuildings and vehicles thereon, and any persons residing therein, and any other person therein reasonably 
believed to be connected with said illegal activity. This is a complete description of the residence desired to be 
searched, including the curtilage attached thereof. 
being the Premises occupied by or under the control of: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
W/M 	
Date of Birth 1-20-1953 
Page 1 
07/26/17
Page 2256
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

and there is now being kept on the above described Premises certain: 
1) Computers, including any electronic magnetic, optical, electrochemical, or other high speed data processing 
device performing logical, arithmetic, or storage functions; data storage facilities such as magnetic tape, hard disk, 
floppy disk or drum, or cd rom; communications facilities directly relating to or operating in conjunction with such 
device; devices for printing records of data; and such records or data produced in various forms; manuals, 
documents, or instructional material relating to such devices. 
2) Computers, personal computers, computer peripherals, modems, computer printers, floppy disk drives, hard 
disk drives, diskettes, tapes, computer printouts, computer software, computer programs and applications, 
computer manuals, system documentation. 
3) Cameras, photographs, negatives, motion pictures, videotapes, magazines, books, and all other depictions of 
minors in sexual activity . 
4) Any device or equipment that can be used to transfer images to a computer readable format. 
5) Any written documentation or item containing password or encryption codes. 
6) Any notes, ledger, personal phone books, roladex, books and any form of recording data of records of 
payments, telephone numbers and names of girls that have frequented the house. 
7) Any sexual devices to which was used on the witness/victims. 
8) Any hair fiber, semen, or other bodily fluids. 
which is being kept and used in violation of the laws of the State of Florida, to-wit: the laws prohibiting: 
1. Sexual Activity with certain minors 	
FSS 794.05(1) 	 2" degree Felony 
2. Lewd and Lascivious Molestation 	
FSS 800.04(5c2) 	 2' degree Felony 
That the facts establishing the grounds for this application and the probable cause for believing that such facts exist 
are as follows: 
On 03/15/2005, Det Michele Pagan went to High Ridge/Sable Palm where she met with a fourteen year old 
white female. The female will hereinafter referred to as "The Victim." Also present was 
 the victim's 
therapist. During an audio taped interview, Pagan spoke with the victim who admitted to knowing that Haley 
Robson worked for a wealthy man and possibly did sexual favors for him. She also admitted that Robson had 
offered her an opportunity to make money. 
The victim identified Robson's boss as a white male named "Jeff who lived in Palm Beach (Later positively 
identified as Jeffrey Epstein). The victim explained that she was first approached by Robson to go with her to Jeff's 
house. The victim stated Robson told her that she would pick her up at the victims house on Sunday. The victim 
was not sure of the exact dates but knew it was a Sunday. According to the victim, Robson along with a Hispanic 
female, later identified as 
picked her up at her fathers house on 
. The victim told her father that 
they were going shopping. It was later confirmed by the victim's father that Robson picked his daughter up on 
Page 2 
07/26/17
Page 2257
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

February 6, 2005. According to the victim's father, Robson drove a pick up truck. Robson drove the victim 
to Palm Beach. Sometime on the way there, a conversation occurred between Robson and the victim whereas 
Robson reportedly told the victim that if Jeff asked her (the victim) age, she should say she was eighteen. The 
victim recalled that Jeffs house was on a dead end street. The victim described Epstein's house as a two story 
pink house with a Cadillac Escalade parked in the driveway. The girls walked up a driveway, past what 
appeared to be a small guard/security room. In fact, the victim recalled a male approaching them asking what they 
wanted. Robson stated they were there to see Jeff. The male allowed them to continue walking up to the house. 
The victim stated the man told them that Epstein was not there but was expected back. He allowed them to enter 
the house, via the kitchen. He offered them something to drink while they waited inside. Shortly after, Epstein and 
a woman, described as white with blond hair entered the kitchen. The victim believed the woman was Epstein's 
assistant. The victim added that the woman did not seem friendly and kept her responses short and direct. Epstein 
introduced himself to the victim as Jeff. The victim described Epstein as being approximately forty-five years old, 
a long face, and bushy eyebrows, with graying hair. 
Robson and Epstein left the kitchen leaving the victim alone in the kitchen. They returned a short time later. They 
all spoke briefly in the kitchen. The victim stated the woman instructed her to follow her upstairs, which she did. 
The victim recalled walking up a flight of stairs, lined with photographs, to a room. Upon entering the room there 
was a large bathroom to the right. The victim recalled a hot pink and green sofa in the room. There was a door 
on each side of the sofa. The victim recalled there being a mural of a naked woman in the room, as well as several 
photographs of naked women on a shelf. According to the victim, the woman led her to a room that had a 
massage table in it. The woman started to fix up the room, putting the covers on the table and taking lotions out. 
She then told the victim that Epstein would be up in a second. 
The woman left the room, and soon after, Epstein walked in wearing only a towel and told the victim to take off 
her clothes. The victim stated he was stem when he told her to take off her clothes. The victim said she did not 
know what to do as she was the only one there in the room. The victim took off her shirt leaving her bra on. 
Epstein, had removed his towel and told the victim to take off everything . The victim stated Epstein exposed 
himself when he took his towel off, placing it on the floor as he laid down on the table. The victim stated she 
removed her pants leaving her thong panties on. Epstein then instructed her to give him a massage pointing to a 
specific lotion for her to use. As the victim began to give Epstein the massage, he told her to get on his back. The 
victim stated she straddled herself on Epstein s back. The victim stated her exposed buttocks were touching 
Epstein s bare buttocks. 
The victim said Epstein was specific in his instruction to her on how to massage, telling her to go clockwise, etc. 
Epstein then turned over and instructed the victim, to massage his boobs. The victim resumed massaging his chest 
area. The victim was now standing on the ground. Epstein turned to his side, started to rub his penis in an up 
and down motion. The victim stated Epstein held on to the small of her back as she massaged his chest and 
shoulder area. Epstein pulled out a purple vibrator and began to massage her vaginal area. The victim stated there 
was no penetration as the vibrator was on top of her underwear. The victim recalled Epstein ejaculating because 
he had to use the towel to wipe himself as he got off the table. 
Epstein then left the room and the victim got dressed. She went back downstairs where she met with Robson. The 
victim admitted to getting paid three hundred dollars in cash from Epstein. Before they left, Epstein asked the 
victim to leave her phone number. As they were leaving the house, Robson stated she received only two hundred 
dollars that day for bringing her. 
Page 3 
07/26/17
Page 2258
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

On October 3, 2005, Sgt Frick and I responded to the address of Robson and viewed her vehicle parked in the 
driveway. Sgt. Frick and I knocked on the door and met with Haley Robson. Robson was told that we were 
investigating a claim involving Jeffrey Epstein of El Brillo in Palm Beach. Robson was asked if she wanted to 
accompany us back to the police station for further questioning. She was also told that at the conclusion of the 
interview she would be returned home. 
Upon Robson's entry in the unmarked Detective vehicle, I placed a tape recorder within the vehicle to record any 
conversations within the vehicle. During the ride back to the police station, Robson advised she is attending Palm 
Beach Community College in the Palm Beach Gardens Campus and is majoring in journalism. 
Upon our arrival at the police station, Robson was brought to the interview room in the Detective Bureau. I 
explained to Robson, that I appreciated her willingness to assist us and informed her that should she desire to leave 
at any time she may do so. I further explained the interview room door is only closed for privacy. Robson stated 
she understood. During the taped sworn interview Robson was asked how she became in contact with Epstein. 
Robson stated back when she turned 17 years of age she was approached by a friend "Molly" in the Canopy 
Beach Resort in Rivera Beach. Robson was asked if she wanted to make money. 
She was told she would have to provide a massage and should make $200.00. Robson thought about the offer 
and agreed to meet with Jeffrey. Molly (Unknown last name) and Tony (Unknown last name) picked her up and 
she was taken to Epstein's house. Upon her arrival to the house she was introduced to Epstein in the kitchen of 
the house. She was also introduced to a white female known to her as Sara. She was led upstairs to the main 
bedroom known to her as Jeff Epstein's bedroom . Sara arranged the massage table and covered the table with 
a sheet. She brought out the massage oils and laid them next to the massage bed. Sara, then left the room and 
informed her Jeff would be in, in a minute. Jeff entered the bedroom wearing only a towel. He laid on the table 
onto his stomach and picked a massage oil for Robson to rub on him During the massage, Robson stated "He 
tried to touch me and I stopped him." I asked how did he tried to touch her. He grabbed her buttocks and she 
felt uncomfortable. Robson also stated Epstein has a vibrator which is large and white in color. Robson told 
Epstein, I'll massage you but I don't want to be touched. 
Robson stated she performed the massage naked. At the conclusion of the mascge, Epstein paid Robson $200.00 
for the massage. He explained, I know you're not comfortable, but I'll pay you if you bring some girls. He told 
her the younger the better. Robson stated she once tried to bring a 23 year old female and Epstein stated that the 
female was too old. Robson was asked how many girls did she bring in total to Epstein. Robson stated six that 
she can remember. Robson stated she brought 
and at the time they were brought to Epstein's house, all the girls were 14 through 16 years of age. 
I asked Robson which one was the youngest. Robson advised the victim was the youngest as she was fourteen 
when the massage occurred. Robson stated every girl she brought knew what to expect when they arrived. They 
were told they would provide a massage, possibly naked, and some touching. I asked her if the victim was aware. 
She stated every girl she brought knew what to expect. She explained she knew the victim wanted to make 
money . She approached the victim and explained about going to work for Jeff. The victim agreed and 
arrangements were made to bring the victim to Epstein's house on a weekend. Robson stated that she and
(Later identified as
picked up the victim at the victim's house. They traveled to Epstein H use 
and entered through the kitchen door. They met with the house chef and Epstein's assistant Sara. The victim was 
introduced to Epstein while they were in the kitchen area. Sara led the victim upstairs and Epstein went upstairs. 
When the massage was over, the victim returned to the kitchen area. 
Page 4 
07/26/17
Page 2259
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Robson stated she was paid $200.00 for bringing the victim to Epstein's house. Robson stated the victim told 
her she was paid $300.00 for the massage. Back in the vehicle, Robson asked the victim what happened. The 
victim told her about the massage and they went shopping. Robson stated the victim was the last person she 
brought to Epstein. She further stated that she had changed her cellular number to avoid being contacted by Sara. 
She continued that when Epstein announces to his assistant that he is traveling to Palm Beach, Sara would contact 
Robson to arrange girls for Epstein. 
Robson stated that once her parents discovered that she was visiting Epstein, they disapproved of the encounters 
with him and she stopped. Robson further stated that Sara still tries to call the house and leaves messages. With 
the assistance of Robson, we were able to identif
Sgt Frick entered the room and explained that based on her own statements, she had implicated herself by bringing 
underage girls to Epsteins house. Robson was aware of what she had stated and wished to assist further in hopes 
to receive a lesser charge . Robson provided cellular telephone numbers for the girls she had mentioned 
previously. Additionally, she also provided possible addresses and areas in which they lived. As Robson was 
being taken home in the vehicle, a tape recorder was placed within the vehicle to record any conversations within 
the vehicle. During the drive back to her home, Robson made the comment " I'm like a Heidi Fliess". (Hollywood 
Madam who sent girls to clients for sexual favors in California). Robson was dropped off at her house without 
incident. 
Sgt Frick and I went to 14843 93rd Street North in Loxahatchee, Florida in an attempt to speak with
We met with Mrs. 
 at the front door. We explained the ongoing 
investigation and felt the = . 	
• may have additional information as we had information that she had "worked" 
for Jeff. Mrs. E  	
 _ introduced us to her husband and allowed us entry into the home. We sat in the dinning 
room and met with
. As she was under the age of eighteen, Mrs 
was advised we would be speaking with her. She expressed if her daughter had information, she wanted 
to assist. As we interviewed
e denied having any inappropriate encounters with Jeff (Epstein). 
She stated she had gone to Jeff's House with Haley Robson approximately eight months ago, and sat in the kitchen 
with the house chef, but nothing happened. As the parents were present during the interview, we felt that
was withholding information from us. She made several comments as to she has put the entire incident behind her. 
I left my direct telephone number and advised should she wish to speak with me again to telephone me. Sgt Frick 
and I thanked Mrs. 
for her time and left the area. She stated she would ask her again after we left as to 
what happened at Epstein's house. I informed her that
ad my telephone number and hopefully she would 
call. 
On October 4, 2005, Det Dawson and I drove to the
me and met with = 	
an
During a sworn taped stateme
*: stated she was taken to house by Haley Robson. She 
was told she could make money working for Jeff. She was told she would have to provide a massage to Jeff. 
tated upon her arrival to the house she was brought to the kitchen area by Robson. They met with the 
house chef who was already in the kitchen area. 7 
 stated Haley Robson would wait for her in the kitchen. 
She was introduced to Sara, Jeff's assistant, and was brought upstairs to the mater bedroom. Sara prepared the 
room and massage table for a massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and she provided a 
massag
stated she kept her clothes on during the massage. 
Page 5 
07/26/17
Page 2260
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

She advised sometime during the massage, Epstein grabbed her buttocks and pulled her close to him
said she was uncomfortable by the incident involving Jeff. At the conclusion of the massage, she was paid 
$200.00 for the massage. I asked -- _ 	
if she has any formal training in massages to which she replied no. I 
asked her if Robson received any monies for taking her to perform the massage. 
tated Robson also received money for taking her there but was unsure in the amount of monies Robson 
received for bringing her to Epstei 	
stated she returned to Epstein's house on another occassion with 
. 
Robson and another girl, 
stated she waited in the kitchen with Robson , while	
was 
taken upstairs by Sara. 
__ stated she only did the massage once as she was uncomfortable with the whole 
experience. At the conclusion of the interview, the tape was stopped. I was informed that Sara had attempted 
to reach 
via cell phone. A voice mail message on October 4, 2005 at 10:59 am, revealed a female voice 
who identified herself as Sara who requested  	
- to call her back reference the police questioning. This voice 
mail message was recorded onto a micro cassette. 
providedtheincomingtelephonenumberas917-855-3363. 
tated she inadvertently told
about the police investigation because 	
had called her to tell her about how she just received a rental car 
from Jeff Epstein. 
 had called her to tell her that she was given a rental car, a 2005 Silver Nissan Sentra, 
to utilize to visit family and visit Jeff 	
asked her what was going on at the house that the police would be 
asking question
stated
then called Jeff and Sara and asked what was going on reference 
the ongoing police investigation. According to  	
 , Sara has since then been trying to contact her to ask 
about the police questions. I instructed  	
. not to contact Sara and do not provide any more information to 
_ as she would notify Jeff Epstein and Sara what was transpiring. 
On October4, 2005, I made telephone contact wit
o had left several messages on voice mail. 
During the message, she advised she was not completely truthful when we met in person but would like to speak 
with me to advise what had happened. She further advised she did not want to speak of this incident in front of her 
mother. At approximately 15:48 pm I made telephone contact w
During 
a taped recorded statement, 	
stated the following: Approximately a year ago, when she was sixteen years 
of age, Robson took her to Jeff's house twice. The first time she went, Haley Robson drove to the house. They 
entered through the kitchen area where she was introduced to Sara and Jeff. She was taken upstairs to a bedroom 
by Sara and set the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to use. Jeff then entered the room 
wearing a towel . He laid on the table and picked out a lotion fo  	
" to rub on him. At one point during the 
massage, he tried to remove her shirt at which point she became very upset and discontinued the massage. Both 
nd Jeffrey had a verbal disagreement at which time she left without being paid. 
She got with Haley Robson who was sitting in the kitchen and told her "let's go. 	
advised she received 
no money for that day
also said that Haley Robson had told her if she was uncomfortable with what was 
going on, to let him know and he'll stop. She knew that the more you do the more you get paid. 
advised that several weeks later, she agreed to be taken a second time by Haley Robson. Once they 
arrived at the residence, Haley Robson sat in the kitchen, and Sara took her upstairs to the master bedroom again. 
Sara set the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to use. Jeff then entered the room wearing a 
towel. He laid on the table and picked out a lotion fo
to rub on him. At one point during the massage, he 
tried to touch her buttocks. 
Page 6 
07/26/17
Page 2261
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

As .
 was wearing tight jeans and had a tight belt on Jeff was unable to touch her buttocks. Jeffthen rolled 
onto his back during the massage, he attempted to touch her breasts. 
then became upset again and told 
she didn't want to be touched.  
discontinued the massage and was paid $200.00. 
 then went 
downstairs where Haley Robson was waiting for her. She told Robson she wanted to leave. 
said she 
never returned to the house. 
stated she is aware that her friend, 
was also at the house 
and had a problem with Jeff. She provided a telephone number for 	
The interview was concluded and 
the micro cassettes were turn in as evidence. 
I later researched J
and discovered she resides in 
Beach. Det Dawson and I drove 
to 
Beach and met with  
at her residence 1
in 
Beach. 
agreed to speak with us in the kitchen area. During a sworn taped stateme
stated the following: 
On or about November 2004, She was approached by Haley Robson and asked if she wanted to make money. 
She agreed and was told she would provide a massage to wealthy man in Palm Beach. Robson picked her up and 
drove her to a house in Palm Beach. She was brought into the kitchen area of the house. She further stated that 
came with them. They were brought into the kitchen where she was 
introduced to Jeff and other females
ated she was introduced to a female helper ofJeff, the female was 
described as white female (unknown name ), with blond hair. She stated that the assistant was familiar with 
Robson. The assistant brought her upstairs into a master bedroom area. The assistant set up the massage table 
and put out lotions to be used. She 
Jeff would be available in a minute. Jeff entered the room 
wearing only a towel. Jeff removed his towel, exposing himself, laid on the massage table and picked a lotion 
to rub on his thighs and back. 	
further stated during the massage, Jeff asked her to remove her clothes. 
She complied and removed her pants and blouse
idn't remember if she had removed her bra but feels 
that she did. 	
" was certain that she stayed in her thong underwear. " 	
continued the massage and at 
one point she straddled him to massage his back, which touched his buttocks with he
was instructed 
to return to the ground at which Jeffturned to have his chest rubbed.  	
advised she was unsure if he was 
masturbating. 
d not want to look at his penis area because she was uncomfortable. Jeff removed a large 
white vibrator which was next to the bed and turned it on. 
ated he began rubbing the vibrator over her 
thong underwear on her vagina area. Shortly thereafter, Jeff ejaculated and removed himself from the table. He 
walked over to where the shower was and opened the glass door. She waited as he was taking a shower in her 
direct view. When I asked 
ow old she was when this occurred, she stated she had just turned seventeen. 
At the conclusion of the shower
as paid either $350.00 or $400.00. She stated she wasn't sure , but 
knows it was close to $400.00. At the conclusion of the interview
ted she never returned to provide 
a massage for Jeff. She advised she was ashamed and uncomfortable with the situation. 
At approximately 2:10 pm, Det Dawson and I met wit
her residence 
in 
. As 
was only seventeen years of age, I had notified her mother 
, that 
she would be interviewed reference an ongoing investigation in Palm Beach. I assured her that her daughter was 
not a suspect. I explained the possibility of her being either a witness or victim. Mrs - „ __ advised she wanted 
to cooperate and consented to the interview. During a sworn taped state
	
stated the 
following: at the age of sixteen, during the month of September 2004, she was approached by Haley Robson for 
a chance to make money
s friends with the friends of Robson and knew the same people. 1 
 had 
been previously told by her friends what Robson did for Jeff. Robson called a person known to  
 as Sara and 
scheduled the appointment. Robson picked 
and drove her to Palm beach to a street called Brillo Way. 
They drove to the end of the street and entered a large driveway. They entered the kitchen area of the house and 
met with Jeff. 
was introduced to Jeff. 
Page 7 
07/26/17
Page 2262
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

stated she observed numerous photographs of naked young girls throughout the house. Robson led
upstairs to the main bedroom area and set up the room with a massage table and set out the oils. Robson dimmed 
the lights and turned on soft music. Robson exited the room and Jeff entered the room wearing only a towel. Jeff 
picked a oils and instructed her to rub his legs, under his buttocks, back and chest area. Jeff asked her to get 
comfortable. 	
advised she did not remove her clothes. She was wearing tight jeans and a cropped tank top 
exposing her belly area. 
During the massage, Jeffremoved his towel and laid on the massage table naked. As
rubbed his chest area, 
Jeff attempted to reach down her pants through the buttocks area however was unable to due to the tightness of 
the jeans and a tight belt. 	
advised Jeff began to masturbate as she rubbed his chest. Jeff moaned as she 
rubbed his chest. She observed he was continuing to masturbate and attempted to reach up her tank top and touch 
her breasts. 
 	
 pulled back and Jeff stopped. However, he kept masturbating until he climaxed. He cleaned 
himself with the towel he was previously wearing. I asked 	
if she knew the difference about circumcised and 
not circumcised meant. She explained she knew and advised Jeff was circumcised. - 	
was paid $200.00 for 
the massage. And left the area. She met with Robson who was waiting in the kitchen area and left the house. 
then explained she never provided another massage for Jeff. She did however, go to the house with Robson 
and • • 
 as they took another friend of Rob
vised she was present whe
went to work for Jeff. She advised she rode over and sat in the kitchen area with Robson to wai
advised while they waited for  
e house chef prepared lunch for them as it was almost lunchtime 
when they went. As 
as finished with the massage, they left the area. I asked  	
if Robson ever told 
her what would be expected when she provided a massage.  	
stated yes, Robson told her that a massage 
would be expected possibly naked and possibly some touching involved. 
 	
has no formal training in providing 
massages. 
spoke about a third and last time she went to Jeff's house. Robson drove another g
, who 
is
friend, to Jeff's house 	
stated _ 	
knew that	
had made money, massaging Jeff and 
wanted to make money herself. Robson took them in the kitchen area of the house and introduced - 	
to 
Sara. Robson and Sara took 	
_ ___ upstairs to the main bedroom. " 	
advised she doesn't know what 
happened as - 	
did not speak about what happened in the room. - 	
received $100.00 from Robson for 
going with her to Jeff's house and recommendin
, was unable to remember " 	
" ' 3 telephone 
number. The interview was concluded and we left the area. 
On October 6, 2005, at 11:45 am, I met with 
it 
and explained to her why we there 
to interview her. She advised she was aware of the ongoing investigation..
stated she had previously spoken 
with 
who told her she was interviewed by detectives. During a sworn taped statement
 stated 
she knew that Haley Robson worked for Jeff in Palm Beach
dvised she has been there a lot of times for 
massages. I asked her if she had formal training in providing massages, which 
stated she had not.
advised she was told what was expected of her by providing massages and would have to remove clothing but if 
she felt uncomfortable just to say so and Jeff would stop pushing the issue.
 began providing massages and 
advised she kept her clothes on. She considered Jeff a pervert and he kept pushing to go further and furthe
explained she would keep telling him she had a boyfriend and would not be right to her boyfriend. It wasn't until 
recently,	
admitted to removing her clothes and staying in her thong underwear to provide a massage. 
explained he wanted to be rubbed on his back and recently he began turning over and have her rub his chest as 
he masturbated. He would try to touch her breasts as she rubbed his chest. 
Page 8 
07/26/17
Page 2263
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

 stated "Jeff would try to get away with more and more on each massage". Originally, Robson drove her to 
the house for the original massage. 
ft Sara her cell phone number and every time Jeff would come into town, 
Sara would call her for an appointment. Each time she went, Sara would meet her at the kitchen door area. She 
would bring her upstairs and prepare the massage table. 	
advised Jeff would ask her questions about her. He 
knew she was a 
and would be attending 
I asked 	
if he knew her real age, 
stated Jeff didn't care. The most recent massage she provided was on October 1, 2005. 
During the massage, she asked Jeff if she could borrow one of his vehicles to visit her family and boyfriend in 
Orlando. Jeff had told her she could borrow one of his vehicles but later stated he would rent her a car. She 
continued with the massage as Jeff grabbed her buttocks and caressed the buttocks checks. I aske
if she 
was wearing undergarments to which she replied her thong underwear. Once he tried to touch her breasts, she 
would pull away from him and he would stop
was asked if he ever used a vibrator on he
was aware 
of the vibrator but advised she never would allow him to use the vibrator on her. She described the vibrator as 
the large white vibrator with a huge head on the tip of the vibrator. She stated he kept the vibrator in a closet near 
the massage table. 
 advised she had been doing the massage for approximately two years which meant she 
would have started doing massages for Jeff at the age of sixteen. 
._ stated she was contacted by Sara on October 3, 2005. Sara had informed her that Jeff had rented her a new 
Nissan Sentra and she should come by the house to pick it up. Sara informed 
he would have the car for a 
month. 
ated Jeffknew her car was not working properly and had missed appointments in the past because 
of her car being inoperable.	
explained the car is currently parked next to the Gym field. I asked her if she 
ever took any one to the house. - - 	
explained she took 
end of hers who has returned 
to Orlando to attend college. I asked if she ever allowed another female in the room
advised no one was 
brought into the room with her. At the conclusion of the interview, Det Dawson and I went to the Gym area of 
 
and located the Silver Nissan Sentra bearing Florida tag X98-APM . The vehicle is registered to Dollar 
rent a car out of the Palm Beach International Airport. 
On October, 11, 2005, Det Dawson and I had traveled to Jacksonville, Florida and met with 
 date 
of birth, 12-30-1986. 
xplained she had gone to Epsteins house since she was sixteen. She explained she 
was brought to the house to perform a massage by 
 Once she began explaining that the massage 
immediately escalated to other things, she further explained she had gone to the house hundreds of times. 
stated she became his "number one girl." She would enter the house and get naked in the bedroom. She 
would then start with a back massage. Epstein would roll on to his back and allow her to massage his chest area. 
stated Epstein would then began to masturbate himself and at the same time would insert his fingers in her 
vagina and masturbate her with his fingers. 	
explained Epstein would continue this process until he ejaculated. 
He would then utilize a vibrator/massager on her vagina until 	
ejaculated. 
dvised that during her frequent 
visits, Epstein asked for her real age,	
stated she was sixteen. Epstein advised her not to tell anyone her real 
age. 	
_ advised that things escalated within the home as Epstein would pay 	
to have intercourse with his 
assistant, Nada Marcinkova. Epstein would watch and masturbate as he was watching Occasionally, Epstein 
would then join in during the intercourse and provide oral sex to both 	
and Marcinkova. This occurred during 
the time
 was sixteen years of age. 
_ advised this continued to escalate and occurred during two years. The routine became familiar t
. 
Epstein's assistant Sara would telephone her every time Epstein was in the Town of Palm Beach and would place 
appointments for her to visit and work for Epstein
tated Epstein would photograph them naked and having 
sex and proudly display the photographs within the home. 
Page 9 
07/26/17
Page 2264
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

continued to come to the house and was paid approximately $400.00 to $600.00 every time she went. I 
stated during a massage involving Nada Marcinkova, Epstein turned 	
on to her stomach on the massage bed 
and inserted his penis into her vagina. 	
 stated Epstein began to pump his penis in her vagina
became 
upset over this . 
She said her head was being held against the bed forcibly, as he continued to pump inside her. She screamed no 
and Epstein stopped. She told him that she did not want to have his penis inside of her. Epstein apologized for his 
actions and subsequently paid her a thousand dollars for that visit.	
stated she knows he still displays her 
photographs through out the house. 
Your affiant recalled working a previous case within Epstein's residence on October 5, 2003, when Epstein 
reported a theft from within his house. A former, disgruntled houseman was suspected in stealing monies from the 
house. At that time, I observed several covert cameras which, would capture and record images of anyone 
within the residence. Epstein had purchased covert cameras which were built in wall clocks and table clocks. 
These images were then downloaded onto a proprietary spy ware software for later viewing. 
WHEREOF, affiant make this affidavit and pray the issuance of a search warrant in due form of law for the search 
of the above described premises for the said property, heretofore described, and for the seizure and safe keeping 
of the property, subject to the order of this Honorable Court or such other Court having jurisdiction over the 
offense, by the duly constituted officers of the law. 
AFFIANT 
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18`h  day of October, 2005 . 
JUDGE in and for Palm Beach County, Florida 
Page 10 
07/26/17
Page 2265
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

(ATTACH TO AFFIDAvro 
SEARCH WARRANT 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
THE STATE OF FLORIDA ) 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH ) 
IN THE NAME OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA, TO ALL AND SINGULAR: 
The Sheriff of Palm Beach County, Florida, and his lawful Deputies, All Police Officers in Palm Beach County, 
Florida, The Commissioner of the Florida Bureau of Law Enforcement or any of his Duly 
Constituted Agents to-wit: Detective Joseph Recarey 
WHEREAS, complaint on oath and in writing, supported by affidavit of a credible witness, or 
witnesses, to wit: Detective Joseph Recarey 
which is attached hereto and made a part hereof, has this day been made before the undersigned: 
Judge Laura Johnson  
(Circuit)(County) Court Judge in and for Palm Beach County, Florida, and 
WHEREAS, said facts made known to me and considered by me have caused me to certify and find that 
the facts set forth in said affidavit show and constitute probable cause for the issuance of this warrant and the Court 
being satisfied of the existence of said grounds set forth in the affidavit and that the laws of the State of Florida have 
been violated on or in a Premises known and described as follows, to-wit: 
358 El Brillo Road 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
To reach the premise desired to be searched, begin at the middle span of the Royal Park Bridge and travel East 
on 
Way approximately .6 (six tenths) of a mile until you reach South County Road. At South County 
Road, make a right or southbound turn and travel approximately .8 (eight tenths) of a mile to El Brillo Way. At El 
Brillo Way, make a right or westbound turn and travel approximately .1 (one tenth) of a mile to the last house on 
the South side of El Brillo clearly marked with the number 358. 
The premises desired to be searched is two story, single family residence made of CBS construction. The 
residence is pink in color with white trim and has a white concrete tile roof. The residence has two separate 
driveway entrances from El Brillo paved in large white tiles. The eastern most driveway is separated by a large 
white in color concrete wall with black in color numbers "358" clearly displayed from El Brillo and leads to the east 
side of the residence. 
07/26/17
Page 2266
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

On the east side of residence, there are three single car garage doors, which are white in color and an entry door 
also white in color to South. Each driveway entrance has a white in color call box, which is fixed on the east side 
of the driveways. The western most driveway leads to the North side of the residence, to a large white in color 
double door on the first floor. The second story of the North side of the residence shows a small walkway with 
a white in color metal railway, and leads to three glass jalousie style doors. On the South East corner of the 
residence is a single story structure, made of CBS construction and is white in color with a white concrete tile roof. 
To enter and search the afore described place and premise together with the yard and curtilage thereof, and any 
and all outbuildings and vehicles thereon, and any persons residing therein, and any other person therein reasonably 
believed to be connected with said illegal activity. This is a complete description of the residence desired to be 
searched, including the curtilage attached thereof. 
being the premises occupied or under the control of: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
W/M 	
Date of Birth 1-20-1953 
and there is now being kept in the above described (vehicle)(premises) certain: 
1) Computers, including any electronic magnetic, optical, electrochemical, or other high speed data processing 
device performing logical, arithmetic, or storage functions; data storage facilities such as magnetic tape, hard disk, 
floppy disk or drum, or cd rom; communications facilities directly relating to or operating in conjunction with such 
device; devices for printing records of data; and such records or data produced in various forms; manuals, 
documents, or instructional material relating to such devices. 
2) Computers, personal computers, computer peripherals, modems, computer printers, floppy disk drives, hard 
disk drives, diskettes, tapes, computer printouts, computer software, computer programs and applications, 
computer manuals, system documentation. 
3) Cameras, photographs, negatives, motion pictures, videotapes, magazines, books, and all other depictions of 
minors in sexual activity . 
4) Any device or equipment that can be used to transfer images to a computer readable format. 
5) Any written documentation or item containing password or encryption codes. 
6) Any notes, ledger, personal phone books, roladex, books and any form of recording data of records of 
payments, telephone numbers and names of girls that have frequented the house. 
7) Any sexual devices to which was used on the witness/victims. 
8) Any hair fiber, semen, or other bodily fluids. 
which is being kept and used in violation of the laws of the State of Florida, to-wit the laws prohibiting: 
1. Sexual Activity with certain minors 	
FSS 794.05(1) 	 2" degree Felony 
2. Lewd and Lascivious Molestation 	
FSS 800.04(5c2) 	 2nd degree Felony 
07/26/17
Page 2267
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

NOW THEREFORE, you, or either of you are hereby commanded with proper and necessary assistance, 
in the name of the State of Florida, in the daytime or in the nighttime, or on Sunday, to forthwith search the said 
premises hereinbefore specified, for the property specified, and if the same, or any part thereof shall be found in 
said premises then you are authorized and commanded to seize the same and to bring the property and any person 
arrested in connection therewith before the Magistrate or any other Court having jurisdiction of the offense, to be 
dealt with according to law, and to forthwith make return of your doings upon executing this warrant, which you 
are hereby commanded to execute as the law directs within ten (10) days from the date thereof. 
You are further commanded, in the event that you seize any of the said property hereinbefore described, 
to make up, at the time and place of seizure, a full, true and itemized list and inventory of all things seized and taken, 
in duplicate, signed by you, and to then and there give and deliver the said duplicate copy thereof to the person from 
whom possession shall be taken, if taken from the possession of anyone, together with a duplicate of this warrant, 
and if not taken from the possession of anyone, then to any person in charge of said premises, and in the absence 
of any such person, to leave the same on or in the premises. The original of this warrant, together with the original 
inventory, shall be returned and filed with the Clerk of the Court as stated above within ten (10) days of the 
issuance of this warrant. 
Further any property seized or taken shall be impounded for use as evidence at any trial of any criminal or 
penal cause growing out of the having or possession of said property. 
WITNESS my hand and seal this 18th day of October, A.D., 2005. 
JUDGE of the Circuit Court of the 
Fifteen Judicial Circuit in and for Palm 
Beach County, Florida. 
07/26/17
Page 2268
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

07/26/17
Page 2269
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 2006CF009454A 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
AGREED ORDER SCHEDULING CASE FOR TRIAL 
This cause came on to be heard upon the agreement of the parties, Jack A. 
Goldberger representing the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and Lanna Belohlavek 
representing the State, and the Court being advised that the parties are proceeding in good 
faith to resolve this matter. However, the case will not be resolved before the March 10, 
2008 status conference, and as such, the parties agree that the matter should be 
rescheduled. Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the case is set for a final trial date on July 8, 
2008. The parties are free to schedule this matter for a plea conference prior to that date 
if an agreement is reached in this matter. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach Palm 
ANo
Aleacbff6y, Florida, this _ 
SIGNED  
day of March, 2008. 
MAR 0 6 2008 
JUDGE SANDRA K. McSORLEY 
Copies: 
SANDRA McSORLEY 
Circuit Court Judge 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Lanna Belohlavek, ASA (interoffice mail) 
07/26/17
Page 2270
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 2006CF009454A 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
AGREED ORDER SCHEDULING CASE FOR TRIAL 
This cause came on to be heard upon the agreement of the parties, Jack A. 
Goldberger representing the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and Lanna Belohlavek 
representing the State, and the Court being advised that the parties are proceeding in good 
faith to resolve this matter. However, the case will not be resolved before the March 10, 
2008 status conference, and as such, the parties agree that the matter should be 
rescheduled. Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the case is set for a final trial date on July 8, 
2008. The parties are free to schedule this matter for a plea conference prior to that date 
if an agreement is reached in this matter. 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this _ 
day of March, 2008. 
SANDRA McSORLEY 
Circuit Court Judge 
Copies: 
Jack A. Goldberger, Esquire 
Lanna Belohlavek, ASA (interoffice mail) 
07/26/17
Page 2271
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

NOV-02-2007 FRI 09;22 AM 	
FAX NO. 5618358691 	
P. 02 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH 
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH 
COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 2006CF009454A 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
AGREED ORDER SCHEDULING CASE FOR TRIAL 
This cause came on to be heard upon the agreement of the parties, Jack A. 
Goldberger, representing the Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, and Assistant State 
Attorney Lanna Belohl3vek, representing the State of Florida, and the parties having 
agreed to set this case for trial, it is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the case disposition conference scheduled for 
November 16, 2007 is canceled and the case is set for trial on January 7, 2008 at .J:00 
DONE AND ORDERED in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 
day of October, 2007. 	
SIGNED AND DATED 
OCT 3 0 2007 
JUDGE SANDRA K. McSORLEY 
SANDRA McSORLEY 
Circuit Court Judge 
Copies: 
Jack A. Goldberger. Esquire 
Lanna Belohlavek, ASA (interoffice mail) 
Post-it® Fax Note 
7671 
Date i_y_.,26. 1,7 	
Mies  0. 	
/ 
To  gk,,,, _y.,5  
„, 
From 	
/Lc  ,,/,',,c,__ 
 
Co./Dept. 
Co. 
...5-4(f) 
Phone # 
Phone # 
Fax # 	
,.5  
/ 	
7
,,  tic_ // L/.  ;42  
Fax # 
07/26/17
Page 2272
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

FAX COVER SHEET 
TO: H ec),, a, 
FROM: Dpi 
 
LOCATION: 
LOCATION: SAO, West Palm Beach, FL 
PHONE: 
PHONE: 
FAX NO: 
FAX NO : 
NUMBER OF PAGES TO FOLLOW: 1 
	 +++-H-+IIIII1++1 	
111111111111111111 	
} I 1111114-+-F-H-HH-+++++++++ 
1. Qs 4e-it% 	
Q lest 	
j n c.614 1.e. 
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: 
FAX OPERATOR: 
DATE SENT: (el..-N;10e, TIME SENT: 
69e (AO C CYNCLi 	
("<6 	 04-ifnctit 
,(4)Lt.*ar\ P-re_ w-\•4-tNt cocuivt. 	
ko)  
L)CoLo No4-4-u,(4,4 a c--DTbn 
07/26/17
Page 2273
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

[GBL/SER DRAFT 1/11/071 
January , 2007 
Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
345 South County Road 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
Florida Department of Law Enforcement 
P.O. Box 1489 
Tallahassee, Florida 32302-1489 
Detective Joseph Recarey/ID No: 7915 
Dear [ ]: 
We write to request an investigation of the actions of Palm Beach County 
Detective Joseph Recarey ("Recarey") in the investigation of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
("Epstein"). Detective Recarey's conduct of the investigation; his presentation of 
the investigation to the State Attorney; and his conduct subsequent to the bringing 
of charges against Epstein warrant disciplinary action. 
As more fully set out below, the misconduct of which we are aware and for 
which Detective Recarey should be disciplined falls into the following categories: 
• Significant and material omissions of facts known by Detective Recarey 
that were omitted from the Police Report and/or Probable Cause 
Affidavits, which facts if known would have had and ultimately did have 
a material impact on the decision whether and how to proceed. 
07/26/17
Page 2274
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
January , 2007 
Page 2 
• Significant and material misstatements of fact, which misstatements were 
consistently slanted to support a finding of probable cause. 
• The public release to the press of the Police Report and Probable Cause 
Affidavits, all of which contained material omissions of fact and material 
misstatements of fact, and which release was done to cause harm to 
Epstein and to influence state and federal prosecutorial authorities. 
Below we set out some of the most significant of these actions. Provided 
herewith is an Appendix containing the underlying documents to which we refer. 
Tab numbers correspond to the section (I or II) and paragraph number. 
I. 	
Inaccuracies and Material Omissions 
1. 	
The Video Surveillance Equipment 
Both the Police Report (at 43) and the Probable Cause Affidavits (at 18) 
make particular mention of the "discovery" of video surveillance equipment (or 
"covert (hidden) cameras" as they are called) in Epstein's garage and 
library/office. Inclusion of this information insinuates a link between the 
equipment and the events at issue: the Probable Cause Affidavits note that "on the 
first floor of the Epstein residence . . . [Recarey] found two covert cameras hidden 
in clocks. One was located in the garage and the other located in the library area 
behind Epstein's computer. . . . the computer's hard drive was reviewed which 
showed several images of Haley Robson and other witnesses interviewed. All of 
these images appeared to come from the camera positioned behind Epstein's 
desk". (Probable Cause Affidavits at 18). 
07/26/17
Page 2275
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
January , 2007 
Page 4 
events are described by 	
Detective Recarey cite
to support a claim that 
displayed in the house were photos of
and Marcinkova having sex. That is 
contradicted by the recording 
Detective Recarey also reported that
stated that on one occasion she 
"continued rubbing his legs, thigh, and feet. . . . [and then Epstein] turned over 
onto his back. She continued to rub his legs with oils. Epstein touched her breasts 
and began to masturbate". (Police Report at 40). That "episode" appears to be 
synthesized from reports of two separate incidents. However, concerning neither 
did 	
make mention of rubbing Epstein's legs, thighs, and feet or of Epstein 
turning over onto his back. Nor did she allege that Epstein masturbated while 
touching her breasts. Detective Recarey also claims (Police Report at 40) that 
during the sworn statement 	
said "Epstein had purchased [Marcinkova] from 
her family in Yugoslavia . . . [and] bragged he brought her to the United States to 
be his Yugoslavian sex slave". No such statement is made by 	
, who refers to 
Marcinkova as Epstein's "girlfriend" and refers offhandedly to other women in the 
home as "slaves". 
Nor did Detective Recarey include
admission that on one occasion 
she engaged in sexual conduct with Epstein's girlfriend as a birthday "gift" to 
Epstein. Neither is attention paid in the Probable Cause Affidavits of the fact that 
maintained a MySpace webpage in which she admitted to various criminal 
and dishonest acts, including creating false references for her work and her 
extensive drug use.' Nor does Detective Recarey include that 	
refused to 
discuss the disposition of the thousands of dollars she said she was given by 
Epstein. (Transcript at 31). Or that she falsely claimed not to use drugs (id) 
despite her MySpace entries that scream "I can't wait to buy some weed' II ml"  
Finally, Recarey knew that 	
' was not to be believed when she claimed she had 
been given a car by Epstein because when preparing the Probablt Cause Affidavits 
1 A fleeting reference can be found in the Police Report (at 67), however, her marijuana use is only 
generally noted and no mention is made of her other admitted or proven dishonest conduct, including the 
report of her thefts from her employer. 
07/26/17
Page 2276
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
January , 2007 
Page 5 
Recarey was in possession of the two month rental agreement, contradicting 	
- 
statements. Yet 
fanciful claim that she was given a car appears in the Police 
Report, without reference to the fact that Recarey knew that to be untrue. Nor is 
the evidence that she engaged in multiple thefts from her retail employer included. 
3. 	
Sworn Statement of Juan Alessi. The Police Report and Probable 
Cause Affidavits detail information purportedly obtained by Detective Recarey 
from Juan Alessi, a former Epstein house manager. The statement was recorded by 
a stenographer. A comparison of the transcript and the Police Report and Probable 
Cause Affidavits reveal significant differences. Detective Recarey reports that 
"Alessi stated that towards the end of his employment, the masseuses were 
younger and younger". (Police Report at 57). Alessi actually stated that for the 
most part the masseuses did not appear young. (Transcript at 9). Alessi further 
declared that only "one" girl was young and in his judgment she looked "16 or 
17". (Id.). 
Detective Recarey also notes (Police Report at 57) that Alessi claimed "the 
bed would almost always have to be made after the massage". This statement is 
directly contradicted by other witness statements, which are devoid of any 
accusation by any woman that any activity ever occurred on the bed. Indeed, 
Alessi himself actually stated that on a "few" occasions the bed was unmade after 
a massage, suggesting Epstein may have taken a nap. (Transcript at 11-12). Alessi 
further explained that even in the absence of a massage he could be called upon to 
make Epstein's bed three or four times a day, (id), thus providing an innocent 
explanation for the frequent bed making. It was in fact Detective Recarey who 
suggested that "something else occurred", and even then, Alessi insisted he did not 
know of "something else": ". . . or something else, I cannot [say]". (Id.). 
There is also no mention of Alessi's burglary of the Epstein residence; his 
theft of cash and possible theft of a gun; or of Alessi's suicidal ideations, all of 
which made him an unreliable witness. 
07/26/17
Page 2277
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
January , 2007 
Page 6 
4. 
Broken "Sex Toys" in Epstein's Trash. The Police Report details 
the police "discovery" in Epstein's trash of what is described as pieces of "sex 
toys" and makes the point that these materials corroborate witness statements. 
Omitted from both the Police Report and the Probable Cause Affidavits is the fact 
that during the course of executing the search warrant on Epstein's home, the 
police realized that a key "sex toy" was in fact the entirely innocent broken handle 
of a salad server. Though the "sex toys" play a prominent role in the Police Report 
and Probable Cause Affidavits, the Police Report was never amended to reflect the 
discovery of this new and highly relevant evidence. 
5. 
Polygraph Examination and Report. The State Attorney was 
provided with a report of a polygraph examination of Epstein and the polygraph 
examiner was subsequently interviewed by the State Attorney. The polygraph 
exam focused on the allegations being made with respect to 
The 
report confirmed that (a) no sexual conduct occurred; (b) Epstein never threatened 
	
(c)  
d Epstein she was 18 years old; and (d) Epstein 
believed 
- was 18 years old. Though these results were provided to the 
Police Department and Detective Recarey was given an opportunity to meet with 
the polygraph examiner, after confirming that he would attend he inexplicably 
failed to appear or to send a representative in his place. No information 
concerning the fact of the exam appeared in the Police Report or the Probable 
Cause Affidavits. 
6. 
Meetings with the State Attorney. Attorneys for Epstein provided 
other information to the State Attorney, as well. Though clearly material, virtually 
none of it was included in the Police Report. For example, at the meeting at which 
the polygraph expert was made available for questioning, the psychiatrist who 
conducted a psycho-sexual examine of Epstein (and who concluded he was 
healthy) was also made available to discuss his evaluation. Also provided at the 
meeting was information concerning 
MySpace website profile, 
including her false representations that she was 18 and nude and otherwise 
provocative photos that she chose to use to represent herself to the public. After 
07/26/17
Page 2278
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
January —, 2007 
Page 7 
initially saying he would be present, Detective Recarey failed to attend or to send 
a substitute. 
II. 	
Unreported Criminal Histories and Other Factors Bearing on 
Credibility of the Witnesses  
Virtually every witness relied on to support the Police Report and the 
Probable Cause Affidavits had a background that raised questions as to whether 
his or her testimony could support a finding of probable cause, let alone sustain 
what would be the State's burden of proof at a trial. (Indeed, nearly all the 
witnesses, and certainly those deemed complainants, were friends, which 
undermines any argument that one witness corroborates another). Though this 
evidence was given to Detective Recarey, none of it was included in the Police 
Report, the Probable Cause Affidavits, or released to the public. 
1. 
Juan Alessi: former Epstein employee, terminated for cause; found 
stealing money from Epstein; suspected of stealing a gun from Epstein's home that 
was never recovered in order to commit suicide; repeatedly burglarized Epstein's 
home. 
2. 
father; he had a federal fraud conviction, 
which was uncovered and turned over to the Detective Recarey during the course 
of the investigation. 
served 21 months in federal prison for his offense. 
This raised questions about the motives in reporting the events. 
stepmother; she had a state conviction for 
identity fraud — criminal use of identification information. This information was 
uncovered and turned over to Detective Recarey during the course of the 
investigation and similarly raised questions about the motives in reporting the 
events. 
4. 
a potential victim; she had pending charges for 
possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia; she "came forward" as a result of 
her arrest; she admitted on her MySpace webpage to multiple and frequent drug 
3.  
07/26/17
Page 2279
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
January , 2007 
Page 8 
use, lying to get her job and lies about the reason for her termination; a written 
report detailing her multiple thefts from a former employer; parts of her story were 
inherently incredible; she made false statements about having been given a car by 
Epstein; and she refused to state the disposition of the money paid to her by 
Epstein. 
5.  
a potential victim; she had multiple runaway 
complaints lodged by her parents and was assigned to a special high school for 
drug abusers; she published false representations that she was 18 on her MySpace 
webpage, along with nude photos of herself, boasts about having beaten someone, 
details of her drug use and a claim that she was earning in excess of 
$250,000/year. Nor is there reference to the fact that police had recently 
responded to a complaint at her home to find her "under the influence of a 
narcotic". 
The State Attorney relies on the professionalism, the integrity and the skill 
of members of the Palm Beach Police Department to conduct investigations and to 
report all material facts fairly and accurately. That is essential so that prosecutors 
can make charging decisions consistent with the facts, the law, the appropriate 
allocation of limited resources and public policy. If police officers hide facts, 
misstate evidence, or otherwise fail to provide prosecutors with all material 
information then justice cannot be served. It is our unfortunate but unmistakable 
conclusion that Detective Recarey failed to discharge his duty in this matter. 
Moreover, his decision to release to the public the Police Report and Probable 
Cause Affidavits, particularly when they contained material omissions and 
misstatements of fact, was intended to harm Epstein, ill served the criminal justice 
system, and ultimately failed the people of Palm Beach County. 
We are prepared to provide any other information you may need in 
07/26/17
Page 2280
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Professional Standards Unit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
January , 2007 
Page 9 
investigating this matter. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call. 
Very truly yours, 
07/26/17
Page 2281
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

_T-1) \it'll a 3810 	
Ii 55 Ocec,,A Dr. 4pr8l 
Graf--. 	
ci gbro AI) evvill 	
Ckv\A-0  
ba_cg 	
PB 7 I q -05 4b 
G 	
eilN Qr. fret _4(vil 5 Aft?) 
-1-6.feett4At 	
( \A-o-6
- 00\2. 
Pt.\ fo 
AcNia 
Town 04 (00.4- s+
CovC
) 
t 
LI-) • 
Dd 	
U 	
LIYAO uS•ievL 
(9 	r 
P0 133 	° t (-1(0 	
Fe d =p(05-- 3-7, 2-2-5 
Outu -e4AA-v rex. 
G L 
3 3 2-2'0 	
C3os) 	
- 4os-s- 
--- • 	
+r: 	
(7-o 0 C 	
G:00 Aretn 
AlAz-6-n 
2- 	
- 75o -cisict s 	
/qty - 355' -33c.3 	
14 CS" oueb, sit• so,-1-t_gec_t_t„ 8-t i 
3 5'6 	
WILL Ltti. 
VA./ -11"- 	
nkk.a.vv.;. 	
12.1.urA 	
cyr\CA% cow\ 
5-10( forct 	
W°. 	
00A,AA TA 	
e 
-hp 	
L -5 TItwcs ciaLt 	
 
Z5 k-1) Go 
07/26/17
Page 2282
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

pal) 71Lf -Orqb 	
3..3o 	
z.evrAroJ 
5h6wAc-- 	
ex) II -ee,4 
? 	
N5.5 c0oro-v1 - y.ocutel To 0.ict. +b  So rt.) VA N 1..
-  v., -f.il% IN.A. • 
oxts.s Dva-4-- 
li>JA.0.A — 60-li7e* 
6.,..fr._ - 4 ki 1 41, 3 73-7- 2-31 
Kt o--1—t. ( LA cA__ 
6 iq - LI vs-- sooe 
fol LI "139 •-koZr 
3os--- 9/Er-5-973 
CrA:A,5 -1-ct royc„, 
q S- 4 - -7(.3 - 5-0 53 (k) 
C11-4 - 3z_ se-- 0203 CO 
Iv\ 	
'ero An 
col, Ft:Iv-1"A Z.- 31,-, 
(rat 5 G 19-eint.tvt,bira. 	
rel oa irt.A..1. .C.0 v•A 
07/26/17
Page 2283
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

EMERGENCY 911 
ALARM SYSTEM 
7 
Benham 	
--k 	
""'-'4.
1 
1-800-940-4112 
FIRE RESCUE 
(561) 838-5422 
HOSPITAL 
Good Samaritan Hospital 
(561) 650-6201 
1309 North Flagler Drive 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
POISON 
(561) 838-5422 
POLICE 
(561) 471-2000 
VETERINARIAN 
Island Animal Hospital 
(561) 833-8552 
262 Sunset Avenue 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
MIKE PEZZULO 
Neighbouring House Manager 
(561) 854-9192 
who can be called in emergencies 
-.-P \ ScAoYstmt (V_,N.k. 
MS MAXWELL 
Portable 
(917) 520-3106 
Home 
(212) 879-9366 
JONITHA 	
ACKENZIE 
(917) , k 	
-414 
Ho 
 m 
Porty
,../ 
2 	
535- 	
tom! 
\ 
07/26/17
Page 2284
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

3. 
\,M 0 l2-"C‘k 	
t 	
u~ elcs 	5- 	
c' 
116 East 656.Street 
New York NY 10021 
Ms Ghislaine Maxwell 	Email gmax I amindssprine.com  
212 879-9366 (P) 
212 879 9459 (F) 
Staff 
Michelle Campos 	
Email michelle@napronertv.com  
212 535 6833 (P) 
Jennifer 	
Email jennifer@napropertv.com  
212 879 8204 (F) 
House Managers 
Joseph & Florena Rueda 
212 472 6991(H) 
Joseph 
917 863 8749(C) 
Florena 
917 856 1285 (C) 
358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach 
Florida 33480 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
561 655 7626 (P) 
561 820 8790 (F) 
Ms Ghislaine Maxwell 
561 655 4870 (P) 
561 820 8730 (F) 12190 
Staff 
561 804 9849 (P) 
561 805 81)63 (P) 86 63 
t-Lueiani&tiShimMellAvva. 
561 818 8163 (C) 
561 8188398 (C) 
Jerome Pierre 	 (Gardner) 	
M- F 
561 641 0728 (H) 
561 704 2747 (C) 
Alan Stopeck 	 Landscape designer, Checks the garden 
561 793 7303 (0) 
Francis & Pastora 	
House cleaning service 
561 833 4486 (H) 
Francis Peadon 	handles all cleaning/laundry 
561 309 5820 (C) 
Bill Peadon 
561 820 4642 (W) 
Nicole Hessey 
561 832 6777 (H) 
561 301 3101 (C) 
Cherie Lynch 
561 743 3784 (H) 
561 373 1412 (C) 
Nicole and Cherrie are well versed in supervising and shopping for PB, when necessary 
Pilots 
Larry Visosky 
David Rogers 
Dave 
Car abates 
Black Mercedes 600 	
Front 
Back 
Black Suburban 
Mercedes Sports Convertible 
561 842 0345 (H) 
917 868 6145 (11) 
561 963 9926 (H) 
917 842 6117 (C) 
561 317 5844 
561 379 9390 
561 309 6415 
561 371 1686 
561346 7141 
07/26/17
Page 2285
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Residences 
Zorro Ranch 
49, Zorro Ranch Road, 
Stanley, New Mexico 87056 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
505 938 2921(P) 
505 832 5411(F) 
Ms Ghislaine Maxwell 
505 832 1389 (P) 
505 832 1389 (F) 
Staff 
Office 
505 832 2675 (P) 
505 832 2676 (F) 
Brice & Karen Gordon Home 
505 832 6784 (P) 
Brice 
505 991 0024 (C) 
Karen 
505 780 0002 (C) 
Floyd & Deire Home 
505 832 0897 (P) Home 
Manolito 
505 991 0029(Pager) 
Little St. James 
C/0 Financial Trust Company 
6100, Red Hook Quarters, Suite B3, 
St. Thomas, USV1 00802. 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
340 774 0056 (P) 
340 777 9181 (P) 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell 
340 714 2552 (P) 
340 777 9181 (P) 
Staff 
340 774 1611 (P) 
340 777 9181 (F) 
Miles & Cathy Alexander 
340 774 2024 (P) 
Miles 
340 771 2024 (C) 
Cathy 
340 771 4897 (C) 
Paris 
22 Avenue, Foch, Apt 2DD, 
Paris, France 75116. 
Tel: 011 331 441 70210 
Fax: 011 331 441 70211 
Staff 
Valdson Cotrin 
011 331 4827 8533 (H) 
011 3361 30 14377 (C) 
London 
44 Kinnerton Street 
London SW1XSES 
Tel: 011 44 207 838 9129 
Fax: 011 44 207 838 9128 
Staff 
Kathie Orchard 
011 441 980 670 311 (H) 
011 447 801 754 736 (C) 
011 441 980 670 900 (F) 
07/26/17
Page 2286
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Ft-API Saceili 
 Cli cAt 	
Lgrt.ny VisosK — k-k/ pen:t 
jTermy 5130-0: 3o 
Key Scan — 
co 
3k-{0- 7 .71.0 -4912- 
2- 1 - 750 - 2Log 
? (06241ci q 
 
. I re_ 
CeL(Aa..., "ecklect 	
,-3erv) 
x., 0:
\ 	
ry\ 	
krasim..1  < mr-oshc.,„ e(o.d.or.,A0.„,4z. int .0304> 
< 	
Skew @gmALL .c.4 
nit t S 5 G-06t__ tote-x At 0,A--- gip 3Lit, -qrs-q 61c,„„... coo K 
pr. 1,4 ayza-A; acz-) 6gg- 109 0 
=or
loue 	
s c211 phone.. 6-t,-(6kitwt) 	
-Cr-a-SctC,t 
rn 
5101- 7S2 - ( 3 go 
7o-7- 49 8-5- 
ADkiA-Nfor 	
Pinta erv1-5 Arae: GOINic to +4,1_ ehn lag ssy 	
4A4- 2,3e4 
le-tqc - T elost-ely% I- Co . 
kalea_cl 4ouse 
4s1 	
roroi So,
A 	
et•lu e_ 	
picov, 
1.4 	
t`l 	
1002-a. 
5 A24-ri Kefte_AA 	
11(.0 Pc EAST- (.05 -1' st 
tai 	
Klq 10021 	
cit--)-5-5-33.i„.3  
07/26/17
Page 2287
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

0q1--31.-M 
"Ta-\ - 	3 	
te-,) 
04,1, Le io ,S 7) 
n-- 69q isci 6 
N64 Yoitx AT'-T 
Do -7_2__c7c7 c_(,,v 
CJAX\-uL 9-2* 1-CQJ 
62_0 T2_c“) (03 
(c) 	
13 25 33 CA/1,i 
9 
~ERIZoN i W Yog-Kikic 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
40
07/26/17
Page 2288
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Passenger Lists for Palm Beach Flights 2005 
Date 	Departure 	Arrival 	
Passengers 
1/1 	
Anguilla 	Florida 	
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Nadia Marcinkova 
David Mullen 
Zinta Broukis 
Jean Luc Brunel 
1 /3 	
Florida 	 New Jersey Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
David Mullen 
1/6 	
New Jersey 	
Florida 	
Jeffrey Epstein 
Dana Burns 
1/7 	
COM SCAN INSPECTION 
1/8 	
RETURN FROM COM SCAN INSPECTION 
1/11 	 Florida 	 St. Thomas Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Female 
Female 
1/14 	 St. Thomas 	
Florida 	
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Adriana Mucinska 
1 /17 	 Florida 	 New York 	
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
David Mullen 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Andrea 
Todd Meister 
Passenger 
Passenger 
1/19 	 New York 	
Florida 	
Jeffrey Epstein 
4 
07/26/17
Page 2289
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Nadia Marcinkova 
Andrea Muniska 
1/20 
TRAINING FLIGHT 
1/27 
Florida 
St. Thomas 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Andrea 
2/3 
Ohio 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Jean Luc Brunel 
David Mullen 
Female 
Female 
Female 
2/7 
Florida 
New York 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Adriana Muscinska 
David Mullen 
Jansen 
Sarah Kellen 
2/10 
New York 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Sarah Kellen 
John Lurz 
Adriana Muscinska 
2/10 
TEST FLIGHT 
2/19 
Florida 
St. Thomas 
Colleen 
Female 
2/19 
St. Thomas 
Florida 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Eva Andersson 
Celina Dubin 
Myya Dubin 
Cres Valdez 
2/22 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Nadia Marcinkova 
James Stanley 
Sophia Stanley 
Stanley 
07/26/17
Page 2290
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

David Mullen 
2/24 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Nadia Marcinkova 
3/8 
Florida 
California 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
3/8 
Florida 
St. Thomas 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Nadia 
Andrea 
3/18 
New York 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Dana Burns 
3/22 
Florida 
New York 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Andrea Musinska 
Female 
Dana Burns 
Female 
3/31 
New York 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Dana Burns 
4/1  
MAINTENANCE REPOSITION 
4/5 
Florida 
Georgia 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
4/6 
Florida 
New York 
Jeffrey Epstein 
David Mullen 
Andreana Mucinska 
Dana Burns 
4/8 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Andrea Musinska 
4/12 
Florida 
St. Thomas 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Andrea Musinska 
Nadia Marcinkova 
4/27 
New York 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
07/26/17
Page 2291
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Ghislaine Maxwell 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Burns 
Male 
Male 
Female 
4/29 
Florida 
St. Thomas 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Andreana Mucinska 
Valdson Cotrin 
Tatiana 
Manuela Stoetter 
5/6 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Sarah Kellen 
Andrea Musinska 
Female 
David Mullen 
Larry Morrison 
5/10 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
David Mullen 
Dana Burns 
5/19 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Adriana Mucinska 
5/24 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Adreana Marcinkova 
5/29 
St. Thomas 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
David Mullen 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Areana Munsinska 
6/1 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Adriana Mucinska 
6/8 
New York 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
David Mullen 
Andreana Mucinska 
07/26/17
Page 2292
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Dana Burns 
Mark Zeff 
Daniell 
Doug Shuttle 
Jenn 
6/22 
MAINTENANCE 
6/18 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Burns 
6/20 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Bums 
Female 
6/30 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Burns 
Female 
7/5 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Adreana Musinska 
Female 
Male 
Dana Burns 
7/15 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Bums 
7/16 
MAINTENANCE 
7/18 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Burns 
7/22 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Bums 
Tatiana 
7/25 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
07/26/17
Page 2293
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Dana Burns 
Tatiana 
8/18 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Adrian Mucinska 
Mr. Mucinska 
Mrs. Mucinska 
Adriana's Sister 
Nadia Marcinkova 
8/22 
TRAINING 
8/22 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
8/27 
WINDSHIELD HEAT REPAIR 
9/1 
NO PASSENGERS 
9/3 
St. Thomas 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Adriana Mucinska 
Dana Bums 
Tatiana 
9/5 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Dana Burns 
Adriana Mucinska 
Female 
9/9 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Nadia Marcinkova 
Adriana Mucinska 
9/11 
Florida 
St. Thomas 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Adreana Musinska 
Nadia Marcinkova 
9/29 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Tatiana 
Adreana Musinska 
Female 
Nadia Marcinkova 
10/4 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Jeffrey Epstein 
07/26/17
Page 2294
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Adriana Mucinska 
Dana Bums 
10/6 	 New Jersey 	
Florida 	
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Adriana Mucinska 
Dana Burns 
10/6 	 Florida 	 St. Thomas Jeffrey Epstein 
Sarah Kellen 
Dana Burns 
07/26/17
Page 2295
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

• 
VEHICLES 
Mercedes Benz 600 
2001 Black 	 ii. 
ae- (.. 
Licence: EO3PRU 	
/4y 
LiC.:. V 90 ....vv. tco 4 ts 
(561) 309-6415 Rear 
(561) 379-9390 
A 
No s 
.‘•
04.- 
c?<- 
Mercedes Benz of Palm Beach 
4000 Okeechobee Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Att: Shawn Adison 
Tel: (561) 689-6363 
Mercedes Benz 600 
1997 Black 
Licence: G14KCT 
'---..-.. 
(561) 758-1672 Rear 
(561) 818-8867 Front 
Mercedes Benz 600 Cony 
1998 Silver 
- 	
'-'ii 
Licence: RAS85L 	
P 
..:7 
(561) 346-7141 
pirilL AfeeK 	
Body 54 
iCePcie4 	
41-1aR, 
 
cAntere_ si 	
Do.0.7..ii if 1..i.e_ 
57.4 t - y3 7  - '1(  '5  - ) -' 
Suburban 	 \ 
2001 	
Black 	
4\c'.1 
(;
' '.) 	
o 
,,, 
Licence: WGE53R 	
7 
,("•-• 
(561) 371-1686 
Roger Dean Chevrolet 
2235 Okeechobee Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
Tel: (561) 683-8100 
Crysler Mini Van 
1996 White 
ii 
Licence: WGE52R 	
,r " 
( i\ 
X' 
(561) 308-5700 
Nestor Auto Repairs 
2600 Florida Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tel: (561) 835-0809 
Cobra GranTi 
1993 Green 	
\ 
1A(- 
 
C97CRJ 	o 	
i, 
„-, 
Nestor Auto Repairs 
2600 Florida Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tel: (561) 835-0809 
.,-. 
Volvo 	, 
1998 Goldz 
Mrs Epstein 
,./z 
(561) 686-3707 
Volvo Palm Beach 
5544 Okeechobee Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33417 
Tel: (561) 471-7600 
Oil Well 
900 Southern Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33405 
Tel: (561) 835-9374 
Oil change every 3 000 miles 
Registration, insurance and yearly inspection papers to be kept in the glove compartment of each vehicle 
Spare keys are kept in the key box in the office 
07/26/17
Page 2296
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Muvico Parisian 
City Place 
545 Hibiscus Street 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tel: (561) 833-0400 
GROCERY STORES 
Bishop Water Co 
‘1\ 
Tel: (561) 582-1367 
Co\I\ p
c., 
 
Ebottled water (large and small) 
Carmine Giardini's 
2401 PGA Boulevard, Suite 172 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Tel: (561) 775-0105 
ri-,4(5c )116— 92.5 
Fish, meat, gourmet foods 
VG()etit— 1 1 31 
C'est Si Bon 
280 Sunset Avenue 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 659-6503 
Gourmet foods 
Publix Super Market 
265 Sunset Avenue 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 655-4120 
General, cleaning, toiletries 
Wild Oats 
7735 South Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33405 
Tel: (561) 585-8800 
Health Foods 
HEALTH & BEAUTY 
Pharmacy 
Greens Pharmacy 
151 North County Road 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 832-4443 
Lewis Pharmacy 
235 South County Road 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 655-7867 
07/26/17
Page 2297
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

UTILITIES 
Water 
City of West Palm Beach 
226 Cypress Lane 
Palm Springs, FL 33461 
Tel: (561) 965-5770 
Water shut-off for entire property is located 
next to the mailbox on the sidewalk. 
Electricity 
Florida Power and Light 
General Mailing Facility 
Miami, FL 33188-0001 
Tel: (561) 697-8000 
Gas 
Florida Gas Company 
401 South Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tel: (561) 832-0872 
Sewer 
City of West Palm Beach 
226 Cypress Lane 
Palm Springs, FL 33461 
Tel: (561) 965-5770 
Trash Removal 
City of West Palm Beach 
226 Cypress Lane 
Palm Springs, FL 33461 
k 
Tel: 	
(561) 965-5770- (Ai >--1--°. -'1\- 
% 
Daily (Monday -Frida ) 
170"-c/ c zk1,1 \ \'\ Q'r.S 	
It'.)6 - R cc14  
Telephone 
ETC 
2921 N Australian Avenue 
West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
Tel: (561) 881-8118 
Bell South 
Tel: (561) 780-2611 
07/26/17
Page 2298
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Storage USA 
5580 Okeechobee Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33417 
10 ft x 20 ft unit available 
Tel: (561) 683-9955 
Plumber 
Cr (7eK4 / 
P1-1/1"719;/7
51 
 
— ( 
-1-   
Foster Plumbing 
2800 Westgate Avenue 
West Palm Beack, FL 33409 
Tel: (561) 686-1721 
General plumbing repairs 
Roto Rooter 
6600 NW 12th Avenue, Suite 213 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 
Tel: (561) 832-1495 
Blocked drains 
Pool 
Hackl Pools 
1331 Central Terrace 
Lake Worth, FL 33460 
Tel: (561) 588-7493 
Monday and Thursday at 10:30am 
Clean pool, filter, add salt 
L/ 
( 	
S 
Tree Trimming 
County Wide Tree Service 
Tel: (561) 371-5786 
First Monday in May and November 
STORAGE 
VEHICLES 
qoRe 
Cct 
SeRVi 
5 
541 -13 -0 	/ 
VI/ 6 411 ist Rl/c 
goynicq? deq" f 
33 276 
. 
r‘Nsov. 3ccp2-ackiR 
3 
07/26/17
Page 2299
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

MAIL & DELIVERY SERVICES 
FedEx 
1-800-463-3339 
Account No: 
 
Drop-off box is next to Palm Beach National 
Bank on Worth Avenue 
Post Office 
401 South County Road 
West Palm Beach, FL 
Tel: (561) 832-0697 
MAINTENANCE 
Air Conditioning 
Cassidy Air Conditioning 
501 Fern Street 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
5 
Monthly service contract 
First Monday of every moh 
— 
--)0  0 	
TL- ck v,.\,-/Q") 
.
1 	
, 	
„......., 	
, 
5Z'' 	
‘--- \\ `(1v- S°I.‘"\(t) 
1 	
s:  : 	
. 
Tel: (561) 833-6331 
- kl- -1‘41 
Awnings 
American Awning Company 
537 Pine Terrace 
West Palm Beach, FL 33405 
Tel: (561) 832-7123 
. 
Cable Service 
Adelphia Cable 
1401 North Point Parkway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33407 
Tel: (561) 478-8300 
Carpenter 
Tel: (5611994-8906 
Oct- k 2 i. q 
Erwin 
 
Carpet Cleaners 
N 
Stanley Steamers 
Tel: (561) 586-5700 
Wall to wall 
 
Merry Rugs 
Tel: (561) 588-8588 
Loose rugs 
Computers 
B omberg 
499 	
ark A 	
nue 
New 	
, NY 10022 
Tel: (212) 	
8-2100 
Palm Beach consultants: 
Chad Bonta 
Peter Kapopoulos 
Tel: (305) 481-2901 
•421 
07/26/17
Page 2300
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

TRAVEL 
Pilots 
,.., 
Larry Visoski 
(917) 868-6145 (Cell) 
(561) 842-0345 (Home) 
Dave Rodgers 
(561) 317-5844 (Cell) 
(561) 963-9926 (Home) 
Larry Morrison 
(561) 317-3082 (Cell) 
(561) 798-0510 (Home) 
Mr Epstein's planes 
Jet Aviation 
(561) 233-7241 
Procedure for leaving cars at the airport: 
Leave car at Jet Aviation landing strip 
Leave the keys in the car 
Advise Jet Aviation 
Tail #909JE or Tail #908JE 
They will tag and pull car to plane upon arrival 
Ms Maxwell's plane 
Raytheon 	
Cl  v \ ?'3C,C1 	
\-'0'. 
5 \c, \-\-. 0\., 
1-888-835-9782 
Contract No: Air 4, 
Tail # ...TA 	) 	
! — 	
- 
Always a Beech Jet or Hawker 
Commercial Airlines 
Air France 
American 
British Airways 
Continental 
Delta 
South African Airways 
United 
US Air 
1-800-237-2747 
1-800-433-7300 
1-800-247-9297 
1-800-525-0280 
1-800-221-1212 
1-800-722-9675 
1-800-241-6522 
1-800-428-4322 
C 
NA-t---& 	
ovkV 	
‘,(Ncly Wveiv‘ 56 
07/26/17
Page 2301
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

•MY G9(0 \r‘.. 2A 	
2AAL 
kAl 'y 
(..._atAV\ 
BANKING 	
La ovlo, 
Household Banking Account Palm Beach National Bank 
Account No: 
 
125 Worth Avenue 
Send to Eric Gany for reconciliation 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
$1,000 Petty Cash Float 
Tel: (561) 653-5594 
BICYCLES 
Bicycles 
Palm Beach Bicycle Trail Shop 
Mongoose Crossway 450 
223 Sunrise Avenue 
Raleigh Aluminium 300 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Mercedes Benz 
Cignal Sports Bike 
Tel: (561) 659-4583 
Schwinn World 
Huffy Santa Fe 
Raleigh Sport 
Scott Boston 
BOOKSTORES 
Newspapers 
Publix Super Market 
265 Sunset Avenue 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 655-4120 
Magazines 
Main Street News 
255 Royal Poinciana Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 833-4027 
CLEANING SERVICE 
Francis Peadon 
1) 833-4486 
Every Tuesday and Wednesday 
House Cleaning Services 
49 (.35- 3oc.3 Cctl. I. 8:00am - 4:00pm 
r 
s'6,03,c), -, 5s zo  
. 	
•"),ft _Ittok 
 
kt 	
/. (Francis and Pastora Peadon) 
NTERTAINMENT 
The Breakers 
One South County Road 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 655-6611 
Renew car park stickers every September 
Comedy Corner 
2000 South Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tel: (561) 833-1812 
The Mar-a-Lago Club 
1100 South Ocean Boulevard 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
Tel: (561) 832-2600 
07/26/17
Page 2302
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

-7 
z:J2.41,1 ro, 
61-\ y 
Electrician 
Energy Efficient Electric 
Tel: 	
(561) 655-7211 
.A.&s4,......s 	
. 
Exterminator 
Palm Beach Exterminating 
Tel: (561) 689-0808 
Contact is Ken 
First Monday of every month at 10:30am 
Also use for termite tent 
Garden Service 
Alan Stopek 
Efflorescence 
14372 Horseshoe Trace 
Wellington, FL 33414 
Tel: (561) 793-7303 
Jerome Pierre 
Tel: (561) 586-4175 
Part-time help. Billed through Alan Stopek. 
In residence: Daily from 6.30am 
Not in residence: Mon - Fri from 2pm - 5pm 
Also maintains Mrs Epstein's property on 
Saturday mornings. 
Garage Doors 
The Doorsmith 
4160 NW First Avenue 
Boca Raton, FL 33431 
Tel: (561) 391-7768 
Gates 
-"c
/ 	
OP" 
Reich Metal Fabricators/  
7---\ 	
\ _ 
/ 
Tel: 	
(561) 585-3173 	
...) ::. IIN, v \ L/ 
Back door gate switch - above garage door 
controls. When open, round red light is on. 
Front door gate switch - in telephone outlet 
above the kitchen telephone 
Irrigation 
Dolphin Sprinkler Inc 
Tel: 	
(561) 844-8082 	
---)'). \,(0‘--- 
M -eiv \ - \- E-.? A. 
Landscape Spraying 
Academy Services 
Tel: (561) 478-4629 
Arrange through Alan Stopek 
Locksmith 
Wilson Rowan Locksmiths 
625 South Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tel: (561) 655-3637 
Painter 
Tel: (954) 675-1710 
Bill 
07/26/17
Page 2303
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

S vz.t1'  
05)173,70! 
D2.-1Adc, 
_SJoLik.1) 
Li o6oCz12) ql - 3 6-6- 
66oq 6 1,tpxolth-i 
. 1- 240 - 6 2O _a-  3 2 
61,-gU:0,6 sn) 570— 3(0.6 
'4(?_Q-0173._.z6e0 
6*-37,51:; 
s*0 WA4 --sgefs 
0-00 Ivo -,090 -- 
kivAto 	
ZIIL-0-6  0 3[0 Get0  
lit 1. (ttac. kut 	
70G 
0.c,s' 
• k 	
t 014) 51.2_- ( 
u 	
(-(Ztz) 	
qs(?1_ 
kocile.0 I 	
— 700c 
ti 	
f,k634-cl,s (9 /7) 	
)08.4 
r 	
\ 
1(31-0 g6 V-- 
Idkr 
07/26/17
Page 2304
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Mr. Jeffrey Epstein (NYSG LLC ) Office 
457, Madison Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10021. 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell 	Email g.max I Omindsprirw.com (917) 520 3106 (P) 
Accountants  
RN'S' Vkktit.AA Q1 	
mail 
6E'Ys(212,12511,92a5(P 
Eric Gany 	
_*scmail ericanys211c.com 	
(212) 750-1176 (P) 
Email ieeprojectOvahoo.com (212) 371 8042 (F) 	
k-T) 
(-kaAGLA ca,c 
Address / Telephone Sheet 	
Sz12 .s E*.  Keit kez 	
VAIL 
# 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach Fl, 33480 
Name 	
Address 	
Telephone/Fax 
Email 	
bella(Oulysellc.com  
(212) 750 2408 (F) 
• 
Bella Klein-Accountant 
 
"Re$9 
CO Y
O Cest.‘ 
Assistants 
Leslie Groff (JE Sec) 
Email 	
Lesley@nysglIc.com  
(212) 750 1176 (P) 
Cecelia 
(212) 750 1176 (P) 
Helan Kim 
Email 	
helan(iDellmax.com  
(212) 750 1176 (P) 
Michelle-Games- 
Email 	
micheLlekionaprove4i(212) 535 6833 (P) 
3c-ron Day t6, 
6.01  ((eta) h 7s 	
vr\ zAk 
Property 
Keith Blumberg 
Email 	
KeithOnvsellc.com  
(212) 750 1176 (P) 
Engineer 
kit) 245 st ll3 a 
(212) 249 1122 (0) 
--1Tin 
Richard Barnett 
' 	
ug 	e-LA e't 
5CikOSIT LE 
vi) 	
. 4672 F. 
(917) 
(917) 
940 
883 
6157 (C) 
4448 (H) 7 
 (Kok. 
Computers 
00 	Mark Lumberg 
(614) 939 6005 (0) 
(614) 939 6026 (F) 
Residences of Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
9 East 71st Street, 
New York NY 10021 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
(212) 772 9416 (P) 
(212) 879 0840 (F) 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell 
(212) 249 8510 (P) 
(212) 717 4672 (F) 
Staff 
House Manager Jojo 
(917) 975 4500 (C) 
House Manger Lynn 
(917) 856 1285(C) 
(212) 5173215 (H) 
Staff Phone 
(212) 772 3853 (P) 
(212) 772 3733 (F) 
Chef 	
Brent Tindall 
(917) 601 4143 (C) 
(212) 535 7374 (H) 
07/26/17
Page 2305
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

General Plumbing 
Customer Service representative 
Electrical 
Reel Power Inc 
Amy 	
561 585 2591 
Lenny (electrician) 	
561 706 0827 
Palm Beach Contractors 
Gates 
Samco Systems 	
Sam (owner) 	 561 719 4832 
Service gate switch: above garage door controls, when round light is on 
Front gate switch: just above the telephone outlet kitchen area 
Garage doors 	
561 391 7768 
The Door Smith Inc 	
Keith Kelly 	
561 626 8814 9(Car) 
561 346 8550 (cell) 
Telephones  
Southern Bell (repairs) 	
561 780 2355 
Internal Phone system ( NEC)  
Repair and Programming 	
561 881 8118 
Alarm System  
Benham Industries Inc 	
Keith 	
854 491 4112 
Locksmith 
Wilson & Rowan 	
561 655 3637 
A/C Maintenance 
Maintenance 
John C Cassidy 	
24 hr service 	 561 833 6331 
Handyman  
Carlos (carpenter) 	
Contact Frances 	561 309 5820 
Landscape  
Alan Stopeck 	
Garden maintenance 	
561 478 4629 
sip s rift /74., 
• Pest Control 
-‘q Palm Beach Exterminator 	
Kim 	
561 844 8082 
Irrigation  
Dolphin Sprinkle 	
561 478 4696 
Pool Heating 
National Pool Service 	
When needed 	 561 585 8866 
Pool Maintenance  
Hack Pool Service 	
Monday/ Thursday 	
561 588 7493 
Tree Trimming 
Country Wide Trees 	
Twice, summer/winter 	
561 371 5786 
Carpet Cleaners 
Stanley Steamers 	
wall to wall 	
561 586 5700 
Merry Rug 	
area rug 	
561 588 8588 
07/26/17
Page 2306
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

VO '173- 1- 	
g 
Cable 
62-0 oD,(0) 
561 46143D0 
111 • 	
Li r7  
Cs-9 	
c) 	
(3 	
i 0 0 
Adelphia cable 	
Cable TV 
Bottled Water. 
Bishop water company 	
Avion water 
Upholsterer 
561582 1367 
Frank Jennes 
Gas 
561 595 0555 
Gas Energy Inc (Joe Di Giovanni) all gas repairs) 
Laundry equipment 
561 963 0505 
May Tag 
Painter 
1800 622 4729 
Sam 	
Contact Lenny 
Storage 
561 706 0827 
Storage USA 
5580, Okeechobee Blvd 
Unit 6218 
Grocery & General Household items 
561 683 5835 
General Grocery 
Publix 
265, Sunset Ave 
Gourmet food 
561 655 4120 
C' est si bon 
289, Sunset Blvd 
Carmines 
561 659 6503 
2401 PGA Blvd 	
Take 95 North to PGA Blvd 
561 775 9233 
Too Jays 	
Gravelox/ Nova sliced salmon 
Green Pharmacy 
561 655 6545 
151., N County Road 
Flowers 
561 832 4443 
Extra touch Flowers 
Hardware 
561 835 8000 
Home Depot 
561 832 0783 
Sewell Hardware 
528, Clematis Street 
Newspapers 
561 832 7171 
Main Street News 
255, Royal Poinciana Way 
Post Office 
561 833 4027 
401, South County Road, 
561 832 0697 
Car Detailing 	George 
561 735 0847 
Taxi Service/Limo 	
Dan Tischen 
561 966 6920 
FedEx 	
# 114420816 (Monday & Thursday) 
Recycling 	
Every Thursday 6AM to 5PM 
Trash collection 	
M-F once a day Early Morning 
Cars 
1800 463 3339 
Mercedes of Palm Beach 
561 689 6393 
Chevrolet 
561 683 8100 
Auto Repairs 	
Gray Sunoco 340 South County 
561 655 6645 
Nestor Auto 2600, Florida Avenue 
561 835 0809 
GasolineGray Sunoco 
ALL, 	
lviE1 10410 	
kk--3 rrE-43 5 	 5 1''71; • cCX2.- 
0 
07/26/17
Page 2307
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

murk. L tkp ,23 
-)G 
r ovit 	
paA 5tc),,a-zet,./ 
F> tritellgo 
pa- ekchs 
\\ 
j 	
KNI0L(.45 
itAA. 	
yetss‹. c.D.A 
AN) 
07/26/17
Page 2308
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

.).52rr) 	
1101 
L2p0,!.+G 0 
t).82L - -21h -1,SL "- i{a191\ 
cA) • 	
o 	
/kS1.AVV...13. 
C 10- 53S53.5 - -Cog -°v% LrYd 
wok 	
sdN`01 
0-$ bb - -z 	
oil 	
ckA.n9 	
_501 blio) 
1_5.1)-0 
I_SL 	
b°)') htb _ 
-)-n-v-\14-'0 3'1 	
oh..9 	
co 1,3117 — 
loho 
Iced-W-1$ 
ocal. 	
vnos-oas .."(10_4 
rri gal 	
NA1,100:1 	
_co pol)o) _ 
viv 	
n a  a--rry 
co/i /') 	 cxn\Ati-a /y paug)s 
•-yr) \A-**I 	
woo-toi 	
bill — 
'1
Z1-1 Tr°  -12.?1‘11 pct VY2D 	
1100) 	
s 
o ; 11 — 
1.19h - 	
hIb 	
v,a1) 	
we As 	
lf) — 
(A/1(LS' 	
tolI)) — 
Cv:vyyrvoc a h of7n--.2.;_ 	
spfi-or\i— -1/-e-tA xarii 	
ki9 1'8 
()UK bt9 hien 	
vodC2-5..-Z.1 
5 1.A., ()(2 	
t/V914 	— 
07/26/17
Page 2309
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

)ate: 7/19/06 	
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 	
Page: 	
57 
7ime: 15:01:37 	
Incident Report 	
Program: CMS301L 
'ase No 	
• 1-05-000368 	
(Continued) 
Fronstin had telephoned her reference this case. Although nothing was 
discussed, Mr. Fronstin did advise her that Epstein is very passionate 
about massages. 
I also spoke with ASA Daliah Weiss reference the previous employees, 
Juan and Maria Alessi. She advised that they had been served through 
a subpoena process server. They were both scheduled to appear on 
Monday November 21, 2005 at 12:00 p.m. 
On November 21, 2005, I met with ASA Weiss, Atty. Donnie Murrell and 
Juan and Maria Alessi at the State Attorney Office. ASA Weiss had 
requested a court reporter to be present to take the statement of the 
Alessi s. I spoke with Maria Alessi, in the presence of her attorney, 
Donnie Murrell. She advised she had worked for Epstein for eight 
years, from the period of 1994 through 2002. She advised she had 
never had any direct conversations with him. She stated it was her 
husband who spoke directly with Epstein. Her work consisted of doing 
house cleaning, shopping and other preparations when Epstein would 
arrive in town. Alessi stated the preparations consisted of preparing 
the house and bathrooms for his arrival. She advised she did view 
several masseuses that arrived at the house. She advised that two or 
three girls would come during a day and provide the massages. The 
girls that arrived looked young in age. Mrs. Alessi did not know any 
of the girls personally and were always different. She was told that 
when Epstein was in residence he did not want to encounter the Alessis 
during his stay in Palm Beach. 
I then spoke with Mr. Alessi in the presence of his attorney, Donnie 
Murrell. Mr. Alessi stated that he was employed for eleven years with 
Mr. Epstein. He originally was hired as a part time employee and then 
moved up into a full time position. His duties included everything. 
Alessi stated he was the house manager, driver and house maintenance 
person. It was his responsibility to prepare the house for Epstein s 
arrival. When asked about cooks or assistants, Alessi stated they 
traveled with Epstein on his private plane. He remembered dealing 
with his girlfriend, Ms. Maxwell originally and then dealt with 
Epstein directly. 
CI asked Mr. Alessi about massages that occurred within the home. Mr. 
Alessi stated Mr. Epstein had up to three massages a day. Each 
masseuse that visited the house was different. Alessi stated that 
towards the end of his employment, the masseuses were younger and 
younger. When asked how young, Mr. Alessi stated they appeared to be 
sixteen or seventeen years of age at the most. The massages would 
occur in Epstein's bedroom or bathroom. There were times he recalled 
that he would set up the massage tables either in Epstein s bedroom or 
in his bathroom. I asked if there were things going on other than a 
massage. Alessi stated that there were•times towards the end of his 
employment that he would have to wash off a massager/vibrator and a 
long rubber penis, which were in the sink after the massage. 
Additionally, he stated the bed would almost always have to be made 
after the massage. Alessi was never privy to what went on during the.] 
07/26/17
Page 2310
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

te: 7/19/06 	
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 	
Page: 	
85 
15:01:37 	
Incident Report 	
Program: CMS301L 
se No 	
• 1-05-000368 	
(Continued) 
has been taken off the Jeffrey Epstein case because her husband is 
employed with Attorney Jack Goldberger. Attorney Goldberger is the 
attorney of record for Jeffrey Epstein. His previous attorney, Guy 
Fronstin, has been fired from representation. ASA Lana Belohlavek has 
been assigned the case. ASA Weiss stated she can no longer speak 
about the Epstein case with me. I thanked her for her telephone call. 
ASA Weiss further stated that ASA Belohlavek would be calling me. 
**************************NARRATIVE 	
# 44 ************************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 	5/15/06 
Entered By.: ALTOMARO, NICKIE A. 	
5/15/06 
On May 10, 2006, information was received that Epstein's associate, 
Leslie Wexner, The Limited Inc, CEO's, plane had arrived in West Palm 
Beach, PBIA. The plane, a Gulfstream 4 bearing a N900LS registration, 
was on the tarmac at Galaxy Aviation. As Epstein had recently 
acquired the services of a new attorney, and the fact that Epstein's 
house is currently under remodeling, it was believed that Epstein may 
be in Palm Beach. I conducted physical surveillance at the residence, 
358 El Brillo Way. I observed a large construction crew conducting 
remodeling at the house. The contractor, David Norr, was observed 
driving a Ford Explorer, white in color. The vehicle has a Florida 
registration of F30QQF. Norr left Epstein's house and traveled north 
xi County Road. Det Caristo and I conducted surveillance on Norr. 
Norr traveled to several construction sites and checked on certain 
jobs. Surveillance was discontinued on Norr and Det Caristo and I 
traveled to Galaxy Aviation. I observed the white plane with a blue 
stripe along the body and tail of the plane; the tail number was. 
visible on the bottom of the tail, closer to the body of the plane. 
We maintained visual surveillance on the plane until 4:57 p.m., when a 
caravan of Cadillac Escalades drove onto the tarmac. We observed 
several people exit the vehicles and discovered that they were part of 
the executive team for Limited Inc. The executives were in Palm Beach 
County for an executive meeting for the day. They arrived in Palm 
Beach County on May 9, 2006 at 9:30 pm and were scheduled to leave on 
the 10th at 5:00 pm. 
On May 12, 2006, I met with ASA Lana Belohlavek at the State 
Attorney's Office. She explained that her boss, Barry Krischer, was 
requesting this case be taken to the Grand Jury again. I explained to 
her I had requested arrest warrants for Jeffrey Epstein, Sarah Kellen, 
and Haley Robson. I asked that she either issue the warrants or 
direct file, as s much time has elapsed since the original request to 
the Grand Jury. U explained that the Palm Beach Police Department had 
concluded the case in December of 2005 and has been waiting for the 
case to go forward, Belohlavek stated the original offer was again 
offered to the new defense attorney. She was waiting for their answer 
by Friday May 19, 2006. She stated she would advise me of the answer. 
*********************** N A R R A T I V E 	
# 45 ************************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 	6/05/06 
07/26/17
Page 2311
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

z. 
"Shipping Address: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
358 El Brillo Way 
• 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 - 
USA 
YI 
.rbrd57708/-37/next/2436223 SORTExtFastTracl: 
Your order of•Septe,mber 4, 2005 (Order ID 103-1737820-4508648) 
• 
• 
Item Price 	
• Total 
Qty. 	
Item 
httpJ/www 
64.1
aHotyr
fliro 
Your Account 
• 
•'-;- • 	
. 	
• 
IN THIS SHIPMENT ' 
1 	
SM 101: A,Realistic Introduction 	
516.47 	
$16.47' 
Wiseman, Jay --..74aperback ' • 
er' 	
, (" C-2") 0963976.18t,,: • 	' 
' 	
• 
Thilihipnialitcompletes your order. 
„? 1 
 
amazonom.  
••••.....47 and you're done 
Subtotal 
swing   
: 	 - 	
' 
Order Total 	
i 
 • 
'-''*; 216883  
Balance due 
$000 
7.• 	
Paid \rIa'Amex: 	
• 	
$6883 
6 i rbrd57708/-3-//SoRTExtFastTrackinext/2436223/0912-19:30/0911-19:45/irtreed Box or Pad: BC111312X9X2 f ' 
1111111E11111111111111111111111111111 
For detailed information about um, and 
" •4•?4::-..c-.- 
 
. 4  
alter your 
..
"' 
invokes, 
,r7
' 41;;; l_
:
-....,..i.  ,...:
4
;;f  ,. .  ...,,A, 
 
Your Account. You can also print 	
'Pc  ,4 -0-3.1 
address and payment settings, 	
co 	
...• 7 <... 
preferences, and much more - 24 hours 
http://www.amazon.com/your-accouiit: 
 
Returns Are Easy! 
Visithttp://www.amazon.coin/returns to return any item - - 
including'gifts - in unopened or original tondition,within 30 • 
days fora full refund (other restrictions apply). Please have ' 
your order ID ready. 
 
•• - 	
• 
• , -., ---, 	
, 	
, _,"-,.. ' 0.3.1.' ' 
SlaveCraft: RoadrnapS10 Erotic Servitude--Principles, Skills and Tools 	
$15.95 • 	
$15.95 
•  
lirfRaldwin, Guy --- Paperback: 	
' 
 
..,.' ('• C-2 '.") :188194i143 
- • :Abernathy, Christina --- Paperback 	
. • . 	
- 	
• 	
. 
• 
. 	- 	
• 	
7 	
- 
•.‘ 	
1 • Training With Miss Abernathy: A Workbook for Erotic Slaves and.Theitar,, $11 95 	
$1'1.95 
(** t•:•.2.**)„, 1890159077 . ` 
mazoncom. 
T. 
Billing Address., 44!.'" 	
• 
Jeffrey Epstein , 
358 El Brillo,;r
Niy\ 
- 
Palm Beady onda 33480 
USA 	
.• 
Jeffrey Epstein - 
358 El Brillo Way 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
USA 
3 I 
Thanks for shoppipg at Amazotl.com;,,and plegetefiA 
cd:the again! 	
• 
• 
Amazon.com  
amazon.com. 1850 Mercer Rd. 
Lexington, KY 40511 
07/26/17
Page 2312
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

CAD040R1 	
CROSS REFERENCE LIST 	PAGE 1 
PALM BEAC :OUNTY - CLERK OF COURT 	
PREPARED ON 09/16/0h 
Is********** CROSS 	
REFERENCE I N F O R M A T I O N ** C CCO2** 
I** 	
DEFENDANT'S NAME 	
ARREST 	
CASE 	
.** 
** 	
NUMBER 	
NUMBER 	
if* 
*X	
	
	
05023062MM A02 	
IF* 
** 	
**CHARGE: POSSESSION OF MARIJUANA UNDER 20 GRAMS 	
** 
******************************************************************************* 
DEFENDANT ACTIVITY REPORT 
CASE HISTORY : 
ARREST 	
CASE 	
DIV FILE OR PURGE 
NUMBER 	
NUMBER 	
DATE 	
DATE 
05023062MM A02 	
09/15/05 
CHARGE: POSSESSION OF MARIJUANA UNDER 20 GRAMS 
C
HARGE: POSSESSION OF DRUG PARAPHERNALIA 
STATUS: ARRAIGNMENT: 092705 COURT: KK TIME: 0800 NTA DATE: 
07/26/17
Page 2313
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

B 
Date 
gnatttre 
Date.qtilor 
S7) L88 46'7% 
IN THE COUNTY COURT IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA (CRIMINAL DIVISION) 
MEMORANDUM 
CASE NO. (9 " 	
frIkrre=rcl)  
DEFENDANT 
1, the Defendant, request a continuance of the arraignment for the following reason(s),: 
I understand that I must be tried within ninety (90) days or be discharged. I understand that I am waiving that right. 
consent o the Court resetting my case at the earliest convenient time although beyond the requirements for speedy trial. 
Case is set f 
Sent/Prelim/Final/ Status Ck on 
/0  OS 	
 
In Div. ._/C4L at  F. Wf4  M. 
Reset from 	
 
Weeks 
Bondsman: 
P.D./Atty. 
ProtratZn- 
CI County Courthouse 
205 N. Dixie 
Room # 
West Palm Beach 
Criminal Justice Complex 
3228 Gun Club Road 
Courtroom # 
West Palm Beach  
U So. Co. Complex 
200 W. Atlantic Avenue 
Room # 
Delray Beach  
K No. Co. Complex 
3188 PGA Blvd. 
 
Room # 212 
Palm Beach Gardens  
K Criminal Justice 
38844 State Road 80 
Courtroom 
Belle Glade 
Na me 
Address 
City 	
State 	
Zip 
Mailed 
To: 
L 
202 6100 
In accordance with the Americans Wrth Oleablitles Act, persons in need of a speck& 
accomModaft to participate loewe preceedris SO/11, MAN a resoorobto Moo Oar lo 
err/ preaseciinp. =toot FS Aorolnlotnttiro alb. el ths Court. 205 North OW* ifsph 
way, Room 6,25, West Palm Boo* ROMA 33401. totoohorto 1611) 3s5-2431, 
1•6017453-41771 ( tDD) or 14004554770 (V). via Florida Polity SoniCle. 
07/26/17
Page 2314
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

OF INSURANCE SHOWN 
1,3  
E. KRLSCIIIR 
ttoriiry 
Assists it Stale Attorrie 
Florida Bar No. 
E COUNTY COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JU DK:IAL CIRCI rr, CRIMINAL 
DIVISION, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, F t ( IRIDA 
DIVISION "KK" 
CASE NO,: 
30 	
/14/t/t71,z5z, 
STATE OF FLORIDA 	
INFORM:V[10N FOR: 
V. 	
DWLS/C'R 
NO VALID DIL 
VIO. OF D/L REST. 
NO VALID OR EXP. REG. 
ATI'. TAG NOT ASSIGNED 
IMP OR EXP. TEMP TAG 
NO PIP 
POSSESSION OF MARIJUANA 
POSSESSION OF PARAPHERNALIA 
NOLLE PROSSE 
ALTHOUGH THERE WAS PROBABLE CAUSE FOR TIIE CHARGE(S) THE CAS ES 	
NOLLE PROSSED FOR 
'BE FOLLOWING REASON(S): 
LICENSE OR PRIVILEGE TO DRIVE REINSTATED 
VALID LICENSE SHOWN 	
VALID REGISTRATION SHOWN 
WRONG DEFENDANT CHARGED  
 TEEN PLEA coNwLETED 
PLEA NEGOTIATION 	
:WE OF CASE 
ACF CLASS COMPLETED 
DATE: 
7- 
GNI 
rJ 
07/26/17
Page 2315
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

10 P4/2005 10:09 	
9042645454 	
RAINCRSHINE 	
PAGE 03 
xed 	
lluoy 
0\11-k 05-  b.,+o?y\-) 
COMMUNITY SERVICE DOCUMENTATION FORM 
VOLUNTEER. 
DATE. 
TIME. 
IN/OUT 
DESCRIPTION OF 
DUTY . 
 
AtrINORizED BY: 
__Lw-i/a_xe4turn 
105-.-7 b 6 &it. 
I0 -lei-  Q 
San') - I Dsgmil aiAnciaa_e 
I 0 -21, - CS- 
 1045cav,A H:q S 
im., 
tt'KCC)G %WM: 
CecT; es Ri- t;(soirac) thgeit,"/ • . . 
() - 21 - °C 6- I: 	
pm 
ah i 1 clalfe. rft4iir 
765. --1 we taa. 
W(-.4.0(atk4Ati, 
I a -2-5-05 j0-11 
i pm_ 
06 doom 
__J 
, 
_.,.. 
, 
. 	
_______ 
-1C5tC--0 
07/26/17
Page 2316
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

water 
111111 	
, 
I 	
I  
ARREST / NOTICE TO APPEAR 	
1 Anest 	
3 Request for Warrant 
Juvenile Referral Report 	
2 N T A 	
4 Request Ice Gape 
—'
outs 
Jave-ule 
iLl Agercy ORI Numbe 	
' 
> 
i-ao1 5 1 0 1 0 1 6 1 0 [ 0 
Agency Nemo 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
hoent.:y Report NtrTA.,issonlx,L, 	
I 	
, 
7 j_6__LI 0 	
I-Le tVI 
 	
yol- 4 	
too el) 
2 't 	
ly 	
G 1. 	
Feiony 	',47•• 	
Misdemeanor 
f,.. Ci~f• as mein
,
y 
ft:-  •atrpFly 	0 2. 	
Traftto Fein 	
CI 4 	
Traffic 
C 5 	
Ordinance 
Weer-manor 	
0 E. 	
Other 
_ 
II Weapon Seized 
enter Type 
SAlliple 
pearance 	
i 
 
Inecatcr 
Llilernl.
o
,
f An-ANS-rev Nem, of
.= 
 
0 	
/37(e/b/A 
1
.
A
.
; of 01 	
(Sus mesa 	
. AP:Feast 
a 	
t•IL-r-i- 	
i
f.  40}5,-Je 
I 	
1 
w
e tTest 
 I i I 1  I 0, c--:,Acnti  
, 
Booking Dale 
Pocking fere 
J ii Dale 	
.ai Tele 
LOCAtrOn Of Vehicle 
s,. 
'j 
VON Name (Lea 	
i i,_ 410101 
:MIT-1/AP 	
a- 	
8/ 	
IN) 	
s.0 egie-rt 
Race 
let/ r 
L7 
 of 
I? 
• 2. Al Lange 
3. 
5 	
i  le VW 
L. 
 
Co-Dvienctafft Name fLest.Ftrar. 1.6calet 
Race 
_ 
Date 
it Artesian 
2 At Le ge 
LI 4. hesidierneerof 
0 5..A.Neralie 
PEc.md,an 	
Name (Last! 	
(Fool) 	
(sersomt 
( 
Residence Prone 
/ 
itr 
Aritherss (Strew. API Nurntert 	
1Ctly) 	
(thaw 	 Ohl 	
Business Phone 
i
TOT ...AC 
Dale 
TrrIn 
4 The ahoy, •Odrese was provfolea by 0 defendant and / or 0 defendants peels 	
7 0. Cfglil and t or parent was told 
to Mee the Areenile Court CAea's Office (Phew 1552526) Informed or any change of atfdress 
0 Ilea, kiyi (Name) 	
CI No. (Realonj 
Scnool Mewled 
GriOn 
Property Crime? 
0 Yee 	
a No 
Daunt:woo Of PrO9wlY 
Value 01 Property 
yr PzuzA 	
ft B.iy 
P. Paeans 	
T Irttic 
R. 0
S2.13ot
r  fa 	
K. Despersef 	
U. Ma rumours. 	
Z Other 
E. Use 	
Distribute 	
Produce/ 
1
1141;nte 	B. Flifb4uFa* 	
k Reis/cove 	
P. PtrFaRtwanai-A/ 
1-1-1/kr<". 
Z Other 
C COMM* 	
t'CI 
A Anttaarnrie 	
E. Homan 	"Vans 	
S. 
...C. 
- 
C? -F 	1 	
14"/24 7
11.t % 
/ 
Derneac 
tAolahon of ORO • 
rrkrimi 
-_f., 
Number, ,., 	
I 
 ,_ .1
e• 
I, 	
, 	
(4 	
co _., 
o 
or
peo 
 Or 	
I 
MottuN/Unif 
LiNa en, .2-0 Gs:-.--1.  
Often dri
iig. 
Warrant / Capes Numbef 
:r; ,- 
etcoci 
, 
W 
oescncoo 
t.,(0 
Wen..ii WA 40-  __11,,,„„,±. 
czwns / 
DOMOS pc 
• 
n647Pri 
 . ... • 
rtrsr,44,7. 	
W 	
1 ' •C--•:1  
' 	
yk)1460n of ORD at 
Dnarpe 
1.1ctx 
A 	
M/ UFO 
/ 16 r  C . 
avy /,,46. 
'Ham el !Capes Number 	
C•j'-'. 1.  
9.:}11 
 
Charge DeochOWP 
Counts 
Domesac 
Vs:dente 
OT ON 
Statute Volaton Number 	
'. 
L 	
1 	
1•1 	
1 	
I 	
I 	
111 	
F .• 	
' 
 12•J_ 	
I 
saation of 010 r 
C 
On• Acthey Drug Type 
Amount / Unit 
Offense 8  
warrant !Capes Rumble 
/iIPS\ 
Bond 
Ice, 
0 
Ceram. t•sonpoon 
Counts 
Domes/1c 
Wolenoe 
0Y 0 • 
Sh1401) Volition Numbet 	
\ l/fi 	
.... 
1 	
I 	
IA. 	
1 	
I 	
Dl Y1 	
1 	
1   1 
- IA:AL.:in of ORD 4 
= 
•0 
DIA) Aar.* Drug Type 
Amount I Unit 
Ones. • 
Warrant / Capes Number 
Bond 
la 
,.,.. 0 thatructio 	
No. 1 
Nandatery Appearance In Court 
I 	
C 	
, RoomAumbei, Ataitoas) 	
A 
/4  ci-04 	
ex., Ats. 	
(4.3t:_;3- Pex4.-, Pfe,4-c.4, 	
PL. 
, 
< 
0 
1ms-womb No 2 
You rayed not appea: In Coon but /71‘151 
aaall*<Th letraUCIlons on Reverse Stole 
Coco, Dr 	
and Ilera 
Moen 	
814ift Day 	
J 	
Year ,a 21 	
Tee 	
600 irCet
c
.1.
6) 	
PM_ 
'- 
t•O 
L.) 
P 
0 
I AGREE TO APP 	
AT THE TIME 	
r - 	
CE DESIGNATEI 10 	
SYYER THE OFFENSE Ct 	
ED OR TO PAY THE FINE SUBSCRIBED. I UNDERSTAND THAT 	
I WILLFULLY FAIL TO 
APPEAR (EF • ' 	
I 	
COURT,
. • -  • 	
-ED BY THIS 	
a TICE 	
PPEAR, THAT I MAy BE HELD IN CONTEMPT OF COURT A 	
AV/ 	
RANT 	
ARREST SHALL BE ISSUED 
1/4‘111 	
IP 	
C/ 	
i 1 	
0 
z 
nat..s• or • 	
• 	
• 	
Ill or.leas a 	
• • went 	
Custruclia 
HOLD to PAN Agency 
IiiiNI 	
rV 
Signeure of Arrest, 	
Office 
X f) P.- 
city( 
 
( 
Name Ventoalion Whored by Arrestee) 
,
-4: 0 Defgerous 	
0 Resisted Arrest 
Nemo Cl AN•sting 	
( 	
SD./ 
[PRINT) 
8 0 SacIdai 	
0 Other 
10Q(-- i\ 
 
,/
Carte
( 
I eir6;14:-.1C/42-tc.fi' 	
Pbeb 
PAGE 
at Intake Deputy 	
I D. 0 
Pouch 
Transporting Ofkoer 	
I D. 0 	
Agency 
Witness here P auttect signed with an 'X'. 
OF  	
 
DISTRIBUTION 	
WHITE — COURT COPY 	
GREEN — STATE AI 	
IOWIEY 	
YELLOW—AGENCY 	
RNA — JAIL 	
GOLD DEFENDANT IN.T.A's ONLY) 
07/26/17
Page 2317
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

OPTS Number 
ILIAI1 
I 	
I 	
1 
PROBABLE CAUSE AFFIDAVIT 	
I Arrest 	
3 R.idast for Warrant 
2 N T A 	
a Requem lot cap, 
Juvenile 
 1 
4  
0 
< 
Agency Ore nititnter 
FLO] 	
5 , 	
0 	
1 	
0 1 	
6 , 	
0 , 	
0 
.42eocy Nacre 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMEN1 
Agency Repot Ntunr_, 
7 1 6 -ICI T1-1-0iedi,,2-16•4-3 WO i 0+) 
1:1 1 	
legeny 	 t14r-  mme..., 	
0 5 	
Ordnance 
CheetTsY fhl ny 
Happy. 	0 7 	
Elette Felon 	
U A 	
TWIG Misdemeanor 	
U 6 	
Othof 
Soecal Note= 
ha me 164, Frrst. AaddIel a 	
a, 	
Nice 
c„,y,...m.,, 	 , 
Fr",/ 	
 
-,_ 
-_71d-i-- 
Date ol ELrlh 
P 1cr i(- 
Lt. 
111 . 
„, 
C. ‹ 
6 
terSS T-34% Z •.1 	
of 	
.Y4-4:9 ,./ 4-v,4-  
Charge Descdpeon 
C 	
De&critmion 
ags ms, a ,- 	
0 E :6 i7-.4.. 	
P412.70)/£4.44444 
Charge Uescrioten 
VJdur's Name (Last. Rrst, Wile) 
Race 
Sex 
Dale or 13,n,,  
IIIIi 
V 
> 
Local Arena (Sired Apt Number! 	
ICityl 	
(Stare) 	(LP) 
- 
Phone 
Merest Source 
Busuless ActIceSS (Name. Sehhe 	
LCUS) 	
(Stsie) 	(tip) 
Phone 
Oocupsuon 
,,'i 
The uncetstenecl certifies and swears that he/she has just and reasonable grounds to believe. and does believe that the above name Defendare corivnitead tie ollotwng vnial.on et Law. 
The Person taken into custody 
)KxrImitted the below acts in my presence 	
L-7 was observed by 
	who tab 
2 confessed to 	
that hetshe saw the arrested perSoncoMMA the below acts. 
admitting to the factor.,  tans_ 	
U was found to have committed the below acts. resultng tram my (described)ttiveStigalion. 
On the 	
/ / 	
day oftrc'
V2?..refigIL,C. 	
200. r-at 	
A m 	
P.M. 	
{Specifically include facts constituting cause for wrest.) 
___ 	
._11,A4D 
e'4 	
Cc, 
 w ts 6) 	
S ' 707"-erzflf."2 	
/ caloo .s"--  Ar 	
:0!, argalcimArr 	
.22 54 44,...e.s 	
,„2— 
ic 
I 	
J 	
.." 
045 r-e2-
, 	
A-. crek-t et-  602A- ilig_if 	
P/X 7-SA'44:',5; X
.4" 	
/CZ- -7--- 	
is ‘
71V/Y A 
 e reo i ,‘/ A 
,Sitr-k2 . 2 c,  4C- _LA- 'ID / l Ai ti--  C Lig ii 	
/n)  1 	
v.12 	
Pk-Ross 	
L T 	
76'e,  410/2-gY. 
.
';igoAt,h 
Oef,1-0 AA/ 6. 	
As 	
4,_ Ite_0,.,r. ,2, Leiz,,,._<0. . 	
f 	
i.4--.40c.tr 	
A 	
i/€.4,,c‘c 	
L, 	
1r-  A, 
.c.r-,2-2  2,,,,, 	
w,, c, .1-...., 	
co,, 	
4 C642- "
Crvo.0 0 Al 1(4 dad A 41,e,,K of 
:4,.1)-7(fr,„ A- 	
/...m./C. 	
1#0., 40/9a_66 -c.,,,,,, 	
._ 	
7z)_., 	
-2—  egsf--. no 	
_ --;‘.2c 	
c a c---p ,----,7--_s 
//,,Is 1 af 	
24_ 	
Cog_ , ,s--  4/Ed -.• ye-- /ley/ 4t5 4E0 ta.,M' ieJ r 6t-7 . -7- 
 4-4 . r 0 Z 	
--e.c-r-.E-.-4 	
4)-J 
../ 
ODD 4 	
o nc 141-,9 ,.ruin)  - - - R e ,..1 	
zA/s /a * 	
1- 0 e f 	
/1"-rTt' 4-4 is 	
w/12/ 2.6,s "r-.0-' ,,,. / A.5  14 
,eff 
 
m , 
1-- 
(.6 
L.A.1 
-,-, .1.  o• 
O 
cr 
<Cee- 
I 	
_ E. 	
A/f.X.4/0,
,, 	
-7TS'ia:9,c-c. 	
t.,,,  i 72/ .7t- 	
OCCAW v'tx-O-7 	
0 -le  
P/*-iL3- 	
ilio, E - - v-.0.,_5 	
--, 	
.'e 
-4 
‘14)t 	
1/f-u/c/..t 	
ii-,, 	
dsr,--0 	
ge--.1 	
/ 14  3Wed 	
,
-/,54) 	
/-ki /ha!) ,,,4h-i4,, 	
7,3/4 	
i)-t-(r,0 
„, 
- 	
to  (R.  j3 Q/ gt. 	
/ el )4 ‘2..-1 co int 	
SNC 	
6 4._b 	
3/ 41"10)":5 / 2, I- 
E A- 
/ 	
/ 
c.-44f,-- p ifi-,z 0 , .4_2. Ca ,--P, ,-,
1-5 f;7 /h2-, 	
A - _,:el&,.-w Aaf-A- ettt 	
64,/-1211,4,1,vA,. 
.Lvif-r-44- 
`L/71/$0.9 
......, 	
, 
_ 
./..,,m_ 	
4- j ',Ass 	
=."-'721rA/Ji,--j 	
.4/Eff9.47_21,/  .:- "-e-Sivvr. 	
go Of ,gc 
_fri2 	 /0./.041 
/-17/4ili‘p.irb-v.a- 	
kr,i 0 	
76t6 	
0-07-7 Al` • 
"ichter,0)(rzove-e-4- 	Id 
gi,,,,„, A 
„ 	
if-{pac,„ 6_,,,,,,,e, 	
/ AicAp f...7; .77  Agrs.2-c-21 /9A/ 	
-/,',172  j- ea . 
A 	
” 
- 	
- 	
- 	
As,s-s-s._s-A.)„, 	
...0fr,J,4 	
Cs-1- ef1S. / --3 (-6019 
i" 	
... 
7- 	
y
e.,/,P( 	
,„ 
. 	
447 
Ac s-  is st 4 -,.) 	
<9 f-- 	
, 
12,) 1 	
falarl-, 	
3*(.. 	
Cs_r ?73 • 
..e:,-- 
/"--
__./ 7  
m iliaj ,,e,-4- ts/c.,N•e, ,4-17. 	
• 0 • 6/24,,r ) 
›H_I 
'AC 
2 
Q 
I
SWORN 
•,-.1
r-c  
AND 6U8SCR I • 8Pr0PF MC 
., /  i 	
6 
a 	
• 	
SIG NATURE OF ARR 	
NG 	
VEST IGATt 	
OFFICER 
1-NOTA - 	
LIG 	
•— OF COUP 
1110 
* 	
ICE OFECER 
z.2.4e_. 	
(C/ -VS. 	Cr-)  
----0 	
•• 	
\ 	
NAME OF OFFICE 	
(PLE 	
RINE 
PAGE 
DATE 	
ire- V j----  
I. 
_i_ OF 
DAT 
DisTRIBUTtON 	
WRITE - Court Copy 	
GREEN - Suite Attorney 	
- Agency 
07/26/17
Page 2318
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Date: 11/18/05 	
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 	
Page: 	
1 
Time: 11:36:11 	
Incident Report. 	
Program: CMS301L 
Case No 	
 1-05-001263 
SPECIAL NOTES 
Occur To Date : 9/11/05 2344 
Day Of Week . 	
Sunday 
Street Number : 200 BAHAMA LN 
City 	
 PALM BEACH, FL 
Location Type : HIGHWAY/ROADWAY 	
Beat Assignment: 
Map Reference : 23 	
Dept Class . . : 
Report Officer : CARISTO, NICHOLAS 	
Case Status . : 
Case Status Dt : 9/11/05 	
Supervisory Dt.: 
Entry Date . . : OREGERO, LAURA 9/12/05 
SHIFT 3 
DRUG LAW VIOLATION 
CLEARED BY ARREST 
BURFIELD, KURT 9/11/05 
Occur From Date: 9/11/05 2344 
Report Date . : 9/11/05 2345 
Names? 
Vehicles? . . : 
Narrative? . . : 
********* P R O P E R T Y 	
I 
Case number . : 1-05-001263 
Category . . 	
: **EVIDENCE/CONFISCATED 
Description 	
: MARIJUANA CIGARETTE 
Serial number : 
Model 	
 
Property type : MISCELLANEOUS 
Insured by . 
Value 	
 0.00 
Recovered Date : 0/00/00 
Street number : 
:ity 	
 
Drug? 	
 
Property? . 
Offenses? . . : 
Related Cases? : 
1 ********************# 
(NOT UCR)*** 
Color 	
 
Make 	
 
UCR Prop Type : MISCELLANEOUS 
Insured? 
NCIC number 
Recovered by . 
Recovery value : 0.00 
Document? 
NFORMATION# 
********* p ROPERTYI 
Case number 	
: 1-05-001263 
Category . . 	
**EVIDENCE/CONFISCATED 
Description  	
2 GLASS PIPES W/MARIJ. 
Color 	
 
Make 	
 
UCR Prop Type : MISCELLANEOUS 
Insured? 
NCIC number . 
Recovered by . 
Recovery value : 0.00 
Street number : 
City 	
 
Drug? 	
 
ATION# 	
2 ********************* 
(NOT UCR)*** 
RESIDUE 
Serial number 
Model 	
 
Property type : MISCELLANEOUS 
Insured by . . : 
Value 	
 0.00 
Recovered Date : 0/00/00 
Document? 
N F 0 R M 
***** **** p 
Case number 
Category . 
Description 
Color 	
 
ROPERTY INFORMATION 
: 1-05-001263 
: **EVIDENCE/CONFISCATED (NOT UCR)*** 
: CLEAR PLASTIC BAGGY W/MARIJUA. 
Serial number 
3 ********************* 
Make 
UCR Prop Type : MISCELLANEOUS 
Insured 	
 
NCIC number . :  
Model 	
 
Property type : MISCELLANEOUS 
Insured by . . 
Value 	
 0.00 
07/26/17
Page 2319
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Date: 11/18/05 	
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 	
Page: 	
2 
Time: 11:36:11 	
Incident Report 	
Program: CMS301L 
Case No 	
• 1-05-001263 
Recovered by . 
Recovery value : 0.00 
Street number 
City 	
 
Drug? 	
 
Recovered Date : 0/00/00 
Document? 
(Continued) 
********* P R O P E R T Y 	
INFORM ATION# 
Case number 	
. 	
1-05-001263 
Category . 	
. 	
. 	
: **EVIDENCE/CONFISCATED (NOT UCR)*** 
4 	
********************* 
Description 	
. : PAPER BAG W/MARIJUANA 	
Color 	
 
Serial number : 
Make 	
 
Model 	
 
UCR Prop Type 	
: MISCELLANEOUS 
Property type : MISCELLANEOUS 	
Insured? 
Insured by . 	
. : 
NCIC number 
Value 	
 
0.00 	
Recovered by 	
• 
Recovered Date : 0/00/00 	
Recovery value : 0.00 
Street number 
: 
City 	
 
Drug? 	
 
Document? 
* ***** ***VEHICLE 	
INFOR MATION# 1 	
********************. 
Case number 	
. : 1-05-001263 
Category . 	
. 
**SEARCHED** 
State Veh Type : AUTO 
Year 	
• 1997 
Make 	
 • MITSUBISHI 
Model 	
 GALANT 
Model Name . 	
. : GALANT 
Permit Number 
111076356 
Style 	
 
4 DOOR 
Color - Top 	
: WHITE 
Color - Bottom : 
License # 	
. 	
: C104VY 	
FL 
VIN 	
 
4A3AJ56G9VE196319 
Stolen value 	
: 0 
Disposition 
Insured 	
. 	
. 
Insured by . 	
. 
Keys in car 
Vehicle locked 
Lein holder 
Date recovered : 0/00/00 
Recovery value : 0 
Street number 
City 	
 
Recovery code 
NCIC number 	
. 
Be On Look Out?: 
************** 
Case Number 	
. SUSPECT /ARRESTEE 	
IN FORMATION- 	
# 1* 
: 1-05-001263 	
Prompt valid in: BRYAN, BENJAMIN SKYLER 
Street Number : 5691 STONINGTON WY 
City 	
 • LAKE WORTH, FL 33463 
Birth Date . 
: 12/29/1986 18 
Maximum Age 	
. : 18 
Employer? . . :
Occupation . 	
. 
Oper Lic No. . :
Home Phone No. : 561/715-6303 
Other Phone Nbr: 
Race 	
 
White 
Sex 	
 • Male 
Minimum Height : 603 
Minimum Weight : 160 
Maximum Height : 0 
Maximum Weight : 0 
Misc. 	
ID# 	
. 	
. : 16483 
Aliases? 
MO/Crime Spec? 
Hair Color 
: BROWN 
Hair Length 	
. 
Hair Style 
Eye Color 	
. 
: GREEN 
Glasses 	
. 
: No 
Complexion . 	
. : MEDIUM 
07/26/17
Page 2320
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

olu6.my veux.coraisavarnenotue 	
P -e 4 of 6 
Current mood: ( pissed off 
forgot to let everyone know I quit my job at Victoria's Secret. They said they 
suspected me of "causing Losses to their company." -Which by the way is bullshit! I 
was 'by the book' on EVE-RYTHINGIIII/1! I got so fed up in that office that I handed 
the Loss Prevention lady back my keys and walked out. GO ME! STICKIN' IT TO THE 
MAN! I already have another job if I want it, and it's so much more money$$$$$$. 
I'm going to be making more money than my old bosses at VS. Success is definately-
the sweetest revenge. ASSHOLE51111111 
10:01 AM - 0 Comments - 0 Kudos - Add Comment 
Slightly Stoopid, BOH?!? 
Current mood: (17,,) okay 
I SAW SLIGHTLY STOOPID LAST NIGHT1111111!!!!!!!!!!1!!! IT WAS DA SHIT!!!!!!!! BOH! 
(credit to Will for the use of 'BON!' because if I didn't give credit he'd say I copied 
him.) BOH! THE SHOW WAS AWESOME! Pictures will be coming soon. Stay 
tuned, 	
 BOH! 
_.“0
do,' ' ' Currently watching: 
Dora_ the. Explorer - Dora's. Ultimate Adventure Cullection 
Release date: By 26 October, 2004 
ii 
9;59 AM - 0. Comments - 0 Kudos - Add_Qxnment 
Sunday, November 06, 2005 
note girlz do it better 
Current mood: excited 
i'm going to visit 
for the next three days!!!! as most of u know, i will attending 
the beginning in Jan. 2006. 	
going to have so much fun while i'm up there!!!!!!!! 
it's gonna be great getting a taste of college life! 
Currently watching: 
.ilblog.myspace.cordindex.cfefuseaction4log.ListAll&frie. 	
20425696&MyTokenAllefOdd2-cc14-4480-a758-430fE.. 2/.. 
_J6 
07/26/17
Page 2321
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

/ 	
'- ' •blog.myspace.com/sublimehotti 	
Page 3 of 4 
to come in and talk to him about working at the store 
if i still want. now the cool part is that i was just 
talking to will about how i wanted a second job that 
morning. it's funny how things seem to wokr out so 
well. anyway, there's really nothin mush else going 
on. i have to start getting my 
stuff together since 
I'm going to be off soon!!!! well i guess i'll write more 
another time. love u guys! i miss all my homies 
back in 
can't wait to have some of y'all 
visit. hey, will and i are throwing a party in two 
weeks. his parents are going out of town. if anyone 
wants to show up from back home, give will or me a 
call. 
8:17 AM - 0 Comments - 0 Kudos - Add 
Comment 
Wednesday, August 10, 2005 
rough times 
Current mood: et sad 
Everything sucks right now. 
My best-friend's dad passed away and I had to come 
back to cooper city to visit her. (I grew up here.) 
The funeral was today. I couldnt look at him laying 
in the coffin. I saw the top if his head but it already 
looked 'not so good' so I decided not to try and see 
the rest. Robyn's father's family didn't console her or 
her younger brother at all. They're assholes. Thank 
God she has me. I hope everything ends up being 
okay. I've had a really rough week. I've been 
snapping at everyone I care about. I feel emotionally 
stressed. I'm going through a really tough time. 
There's been so much death around me. It's really 
overwhelming. 
2:09 PM - 0 Comments - 0 Kudos - Add 
Comment 
Friday, August 05, 2005 
Freedom!!! 
Current mood: 	
drained 
Hey, 
Wow! Not living with my parents anymore is da shit! 
For all of you who are not aware, I moved to 
Jacksonville. So far everything is going well. Will 
and I are getting along. Not like everyone 
http://blog.myspace.com/index.cfm?fineaction—blog.ListAll&friendID=20425696&Mytok... 11/8/2005 
07/26/17
Page 2322
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

-bk)g.myspace.com/sublimehottin 	
Page 4 of 4 
predicted,..."oh when you guys live together all of 
that time together will be horrible,...." the complete 
opposite as a matter of fact :) I went job hunting the 
second day that we were here but all I did was get 
applications. The day after that I was like "fuck this" 
and didn't turn them in. I was just so tired. 
Yesterday is when I took them. I ended up getting a 
job at Victoria's Secret. I only get paid $6.40 an 
hour but hopefully that will change soon. I also get a 
discount at all of the Limited stores, Express stores 
and Bath & Body Works. I like my boss so far, I 
mean I've only met her twice but she's pretty cool. 
Will is trying to get a job at FYE. He likes music so I 
think it's a good fit for him. I really hope he gets It. 
The boss guy called him back to set up an interview 
the day he came in with the application, I think that's 
a good sign. It starts at 4pm. He's at the mall right 
now. I got to call him and ask him how it went in a 
lir while. It's only 3:45 right now.00h, it was so 
funny - I used him as one of my references for my VS 
job and the lady called me back and told me that 
William Tucker gave me such an outstanding refrence 
that she didn't need to call anyone else back, 	
he 
got me the job! Just like that. He made me sound 
fucking great,..I lied and said that he was the owl 
stock manager for Hollister. She bought it. Stria No 
complaints from me. Ok,...well I'm gonna go smoke 
some resin (sp?) considering I have a limited supply 
of mary j and have to conserve. I miss everyone back 
home. i love you guys. Don't forget about me. 
12:15 PM - 1 Comments - 2 Kudos - Add 
Comment 
A4out i FAQ i  Terms i Privacy i Safety Tips I  Contact Myspace I Promote! i Advertise I 
MySpace Shop 
02003 MySpace.com All Rights Reserves, 
http://blog.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=blog.ListAll&friendID=20425696&Mytok... 11 /8/2005 
07/26/17
Page 2323
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

X.145.4.AM - ZCOMmeart - 2.K.udos - Add Comment 
Last Updated: 
Feb 15, 2006 
Send Message. 
Instant Message 
Pnail to a Friend 
Subscribe 
Invite.  to My Blog 
Currently listening: 
The $core 
By Fugees (Refugee Camp) 
Release date: By 13 February, 1996 
rnrer friac 
.  
home I subscribe 
115 add to bloggroul4 I sigh 04 
Pima Juice 
Tuesday, January 24, 2006 
Greetings trorn Tallahassee 
Current mood: (5::.) peaceful 
I made it! I'm at 
I love it here. My dorm is so big and nice, compared to most of 
the other dorms on campus. I've been going to class now for three weeks and I love 
it. As a matter of fact, I'm doing quite well. I'm so glad! Who knew that doing good in 
high school would pay off?...j/k. I've totally fallen in love with 
The weather, 
most of the time is perfect.. It's beautiful up here. This weekend Will is visiting and I 
am so excited. I'm goinna show him all over. We're going to have the best time! 
Hopefully, everything will continue to go well. If I keep up this pace I'll have a 
descent chance at the dean's list. OMG! I would just die! Wish me luck! I miss 
everyone! XOX
Friday, January 06, 2006 
Bitching and Moaning 
Current mood: 0 exhausted 
Category: Goals, Kans,_tiopes 
So, I am officially a "college gal." The past two clays have been Incredibly stressful. 
I've been so busy; all I want to do is sleep. I moved into my dorm yesterday but I 
still have alot of stuff to buy to make it comfortable. My room is a suite, which is 
St
 
Signup Date: 07/02/05 
Intp://blog.inyspace.conilindax.otin?firseaction—blog.ListAlleztiiendID-.20425696Ackly.Ibkon-0 I etOdd2-oc14-4480-a758-430f£. 2/20/2006 
07/26/17
Page 2324
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

ulug.myspace.com/sublimehottie 	
age 2 of 6 
awesome. There are only 4 suite buildings and I was lucky enough to get one. I only 
have one roomate to deal with and the room is a decent size so I can have privacy 
too. I'm excited. Despite my excitement, however, I am sad also. I don't know what's 
going on, 	
 I miss Will,....I guess he misses me, but who knows,.... ::sigh:: I'm not 
used to falling asleep by mysfn not used to him having pictures of naked women 
on his wall. Everything's different. Maybe not, but atleast It feels like it right now. I 
don't know how I'm going to adjust. I'm so scared to feel lonely. Anyway, I finished 
orientation today. It was s00000 boring. I tried to pick my classes and they were all 
full. It sucks. I have to wake up at Barn when registration opens and go on the 
computer and finish applying for classes because for some reason that shit will be 
open tomorrow. I don't know. My INTENDED major is International Affairs. I chose it 
this morning at 3am because I had to re ister today and I had no idea what I wanted 
to do. I'm so last minute on everything) CAN'T WAIT TO BUY SOME 
WEED11111111/111!!!!!!!!!!!HHI!!1! I CAN'T WAITHIIIIIIHHHHIll (Hold On: Let me say 
that again) I CAN't WAIT TO BUY WEED!!!!ifillHIllill/M11111 I also want to get a 
v.-vaporizer so I can smoke in my room because apparently there are 'narcs' 
r everywhere. Well, I'm really excited about starting class and meeting people. If 
you've rea to this point then I feel bad for you. I'll stop torturing and finish this 
thing up, 	
 I hope everyone is having a happy new year. I'm sorry to those of you 
I promised to hang out with but couldn't because I had no time before I left. I was so 
busy guys, don't hate me. I'm sorry :( I'll be in touch to all of those who know me. 
Wish me luck! 
My Subscriptions: 
- no subscriptions - 
Moo Archive 
[ Older Newer ] 
2 	
20 	
2006 	
Go 
4:45 PM - 0 Comments - 0 Kudos - Add Comment 
Thursday, December 22, 2005 
grown up 
Current mood: Ct.) crappy 
in three days. I am moving to Tallahassee in twelve 
days. I'm so sad; I can't stand it. I guess you can say I'm sulking, 	
but I can't help 
the way I feel. The whole thing is so bitter-sweet. 	
I've been 
crying a lot 
7:03 PM - 0 Comments - 0 Kudos - Add Comment 
: //blog.myspace.c om/index.cfm?fus eaction=blog. ListAll& frit. _ 	
20425696&MyToken---OlefOdd2-cc14-4480-a758-430 	
2/z,v/z006 
07/26/17
Page 2325
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

My boyfriend just got a cute, new 
puppy. Isn't she adorable? 
WHAT HEAVEN LOOKS LIKE TO ME 
»Post a Comment 
*Post a Comment 	
»E-Mail to a Friend 
»E-Mail to a Friend 	
>i-Report this Image 
»Report this Image 
0 Comment(s) 
2 Comrnent(s) 
myspace.com 	
Page 3 of 3 
Me and my friend Jenny (from 
Orange Park.) 
»Post a Comment 
»E-Mail to a Friend 
'Report this Image 
1 Comment(s) 
AtteUt I FAQITermsl Privacy I Safety Tip; I Contact mvspaco I PrOintrIlg I kciliortix_q 
D2003-2006 MvSoace.corn All Rights Reserved  
)://viewmorepics.myspace.com/index.cfefaseaction----user.vi 	
e&friendID=20425696&MyToken4lefOdd2-cc14-44... 	
z006 
07/26/17
Page 2326
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

ate: 7/19/06 	
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 	
Page: 	
67 
15:01:37 	
Incident Report 	
Program: CMS301L 
ase No 	
• 1-05-000368 	
(Continued) 
Center from Cingular Wireless for telephone number 561-308-0282. This 
was the telly number for Haley Robson during the time frame when 
the victim, 	
was brought to the Epstein house to "work." 	
An 
analysis of the phone records, of all incoming and outgoing calls, 
showed that on February 6, 2005, the day the victim, 	
was brought 
to the house, Robson first called Sarah Kellen, Epstein's assistant, 
at 917-855-3363at 12:50 pm (EST). The next call was made to Epstein's 
house in Palm Beach, at 12:52 pm (EST). The following call was made 
to the victim, 	
at 1:01 pm (EST) and at 1:02 pm (EST). This 
confirms the information provided by the victim and victim's father. 
I photo copied the records and enlarged the page 8 of 10 to show the 
calls made by Robson on February 6, 2005. 
To this date, I have not he
	
parents. I 
will attempt to establish contact with them during the evening hours. 
I received a package from Atty. Guy Fronstin, which was hand 
delivered at the police station. Within the package, was a letter 
from Alan Dershowitz, and two www.myspace.com profiles. The profiles 
were that of 	
and 
	
MySpace.com is a social 
networking service that allows members to create unique personal 
profiles online in order to find and communicate with old and new 
friends. This package was in response to a previous meeting in which 
Mr. Dershowitz called to assist in the investigation in providing any 
additional witnesses such as house employees who have been reluctant 
..o speak with law enforcement. 
I reviewed the pr files Mr. Dershowitz enclose
 who designed 
her blog to be 	
" still attends
0 sends and receives messages from friends which contain 
some profanity. Upon reviewing her friends' comments section from 
Myspace, most of her good friends sent messages to establish contact 
and invite her to go out. 
I then reviewed
web blog which was rovided by Mr. 
Dershowitz. Ms. 	
designed her blog to be 	
' CRer blog 
states that her interests include music, theater and weed (Marijuana). 
I reviewed her packet in whichOMONIOdeclares her love for her live-in 
boyfrierlii. She also describes using marijuana with her boyfriend
The letter Mr. Dershowitz sent advised he was looking into the 
allegation that one of the private investigators used by the private 
attorneys of Epstein, attempted to impersonate or state that they were 
police officers from Palm Beach. Mr. Dershowitz advised that the 
investigators used to interview 	
had "quite a distinct 
speech impediment", did not claim to be nor did they impersonate 
themselves as a police officer. This package was sent to both ASA 
Lana Belohlavic and ASA Daliah Weiss at the State Attorney's Office. 
I made telephone contact with ASA Weiss to confirm she received the 
lackage and request an interview with Sarah Kellen, Nada Marcinkova, 
And Janusz Banasiak. She advised she would assist in attempting to 
07/26/17
Page 2327
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Yesterday, 11.21.2005, my partner, Steve Kiraly, and I traveled to 
, Florida, in order to attempt to interview 
, She was a person of concern to Jeff. 
The purpose of having two people present was to act as witnesses as to 
whatever might have been said by 
during the course of our 
interview. 
 lives with her 18 year old boyfriend, William Tucker, and his 
mother and boyfriend at
, FL. 
Upon our arrival at her house we noticed her Jeep Wrangler gone. We 
then 
began the process of waiting for her. At about 2:00 PM we observed her 
boyfriend, Will, arrive at the house. We approached him and asked if 
was there. He told us that she had just started a new job at a 
debt 
collection agency, that he did not know the name of it or their 
telephone number, and that she would be home around 6:30 PM. We did not 
advise him of why we wanted to meet with  	
Will said we were 
welcome to come back after she got off of work. He also provided her 
cell telephone number of 
 Will was very cordial and 
friendly. 
We decided not to call her but to wait for her to come home. 
At approximately 6:30 PM	
arrived home. We waited about 10 minutes 
and approached the residence. 
I knocked on the door and a woman, who I now know as Mary Parker, 
answered the door. I told her that we would like to speak with 
She said there was no
there. I said there must be 
because her Jeep was parked out front. She then said, "I'm sorry, you 
mean
and I said yes. 
then came to the door. The following conversation took place. 
[Riley] 	
my name is Bill Riley (as I handed her my business card) 
and this is my partner Steve Kiraly. We are investigators from Miami 
working on behalf of Jeff Epstein) 
07/26/17
Page 2328
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

 don't talk to fucking cops and I'm not talking to you 
[Riley] 	
, we're not cop;
.] 
You need to leave. Get the fuck off my property, leave now 
[Riley]	
 there is no need to be hostile. We are not cops. We are 
just trying to learn the truth 
Get the fuck off my property, What, you're still standing here 
[Riley) We're leaving but we don't understand why you're so hostile 
You have no right to be here. I moved. All that shit is behind 
me 
in another world so get the fuck out of here 
goes back inside the house and Mary Parker came outside on the 
porch. 
[Riley] Ma'am we're not being hostile. We're here just to learn the 
truth. 
[Parker] Look 	
is a good girl and she left down there. We're 
trying 
to sort things out now and hire her an attorney 
[Riley]
[ 	
I understand but we're not the bad guys and we're not cops 
[Parker] Okay, but she doesn't want to talk with you and you really 
have 
no right being here on my property this time of night 
07/26/17
Page 2329
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

[Riley] I'm sorry we're here at 6:45 PM but your son, Will, told us we 
could come back 
[Parker] He doesn't own this property 
[Riley] I don't know that do I 
came back outside 
You're still here, get the fuck out. I'm calling the cops if you 
do not leave 
[Riley]
we're talking with Mary and yes we're leaving but all we 
wanted was to learn the truth from you about what knowledge you may or 
may not have 
We then left the premises and I immediately made my notes of our short 
conversation. 
07/26/17
Page 2330
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Date: 11/18/05 	
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 	
Page: 	
3 
Time: 11:36:11 	
Incident Report 	
Program: CMS301L 
Case No 	
 
Facial Hair . : 
Teeth 	
 
Speech 	
 
Coat 	
 
Pants 	
 
Body Marks #1 
Body Marks #3 : 
Status 
Additional UCR?:  
1-05-001263 
NO DISCERNIBLE 
NORMAL 
(Continued) 
Build 	
 SLIGHT 
FEATURES 
Hat 	
 
Shirt 	
 
Shoes 	
 
Body Marks #2 : 
Body Marks #4 : 
Arrest Case No.: 1-05-001418 
	
• ARRESTED 
************** S USPECT /ARRESTEE INFORMATION- # 2 ** 
Case Number . : 1-05-001263 
Prompt valid in:
Street Number :
City 
 
Birth Date . . :
 Age . 	
18 
Employer? . . : 	
Occupation . . 
Oper Lic No. . : 
Home Phone No 
Other Phone Nbr: 
Race  
White 
Sex 	
• Female 	
Minimum Height 	
503 
Minimum Weight : 110 	Maximum Height 0 
Maximum Weight : 0 	
Misc. ID# 	
. 	
16484 
Aliases7 	
MO/Crime Spec? 
Hair Color . . : BLONDE OR STRAWBERRY Hair Length 	
 
Hair Style . 	
Eye Color 	
BROWN 
:;lasses . . . : No 	 Complexion 	
MEDIUM 
Facial Hair 	
Build 	
 SLIGHT 
Teeth 	
 NO DISCERNIBLE FEATURES 
Speech 	
 NORMAL 	
Hat 	
 
Coat  
	
Shirt 	
 
Pants  
	
Shoes 	
 
Body Marks #1 • 	
Body Marks #2 : 
Body Marks #3 • 	
Body Marks #4 
Status 	
• ARRESTED 	
Arrest Case No.: 1-05-001419 
Additional UCR?: 
***** ***** ******************NARRATIvE 	
44 1 ******************* ****** ** 
Original Report LO 	
Reported By: CARISTO, NICHOLAS 	
9/11/05 
 
Entered By.: OREGERO, LAURA D. 	
9/12/05 
 
On Sunday, 9/11/05 at approximately 2345 hours, I effected the 
arrests of two individuals, identified as Benjamin Skyler Bryan, 
dob/122986 and 	
. dob/
 on the 200 block 
of Bahama Lane, charging them both with possession of marijuana under 
20 grams and possession of drug paraphernalia under the following 
circumstances: 
On this date at approximately 2340 hours, I observed a four door 
white Mitsubishi, Florida tag C104VY, parked in a safety zone along a 
curve in the roadway, across from 760 N. Ocean Blvd. As I drove up 
behind the vehicle, the vehicle left the safety zone which I then 
conducted a car stop on the 200 block of Bahama Lane. Upon 
07/26/17
Page 2331
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Date: 11/18/05 	
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 	
Page: 	
4 
Time: 11:36:11 	
Incident Report 	
Program: CMS301L 
Case No 	
• 1-05-001263 	
(Continued) 
approaching the auto, I observed five occupants inside the car, 
several having bloodshot eyes. I also detected an odor of marijuana 
from inside the auto along with observing the occupants appeared very 
nervous. I first spoke with the operator of the vehicle, Benjamin 
Bryan and asked him if he had marijuana in his auto. Benjamin Bryan 
informed me that he did have marijuana, handing me a quantity of 
marijuana rolled in brown paper. I then asked the remainder of the 
occupants separately if they had marijuana and a female, identified as 
informed me that she did have marijuana, handing me 
from her pocketbook a clear plastic bag containing a quantity of 
marijuana, a brown paper bag containing a quantity of marijuana and a 
glass pipe containing marijuana residue. A search of the vehicle 
incident to the lawful arrests, I recovered a glass pipe containing 
marijuana from under the front seat. Both individuals were charged 
with possession of marijuana under 20 grams and possession of drug 
paraphernalia and issued NTA's, returnable to Criminal Court, 3238 Gun 
Club Rd., on 9/27/05 at 0800 hours without incident. The marijuana 
possessed by Benjamin Bryan tested positive and weighed at 1.3 grams. 
The marijuana possessed by 	
tested positive and 3.0 
grams. All recovered items were placed into evidence. 
I also conducted an investigation on the remaining three 
individuals: David A. Cruz, dob/030987, William L. Tucker, dob/032887 
and Paul J. Abrams, dob/052386. Paul Abrams was found to be in 
possession of a suspended license, which I confiscated his license and 
issued him a criminal citation for such, returnable to the Criminal 
Justice Complex, 3228 Gun Club Rd., on 9/27/095 at 1330 hours. 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * END OF  REPORT * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
07/26/17
Page 2332
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORM FLO 500600 
Epstein wanted to be rubbed on his back and recently he began turning over and have her rub his chest as he 
masturbated. He would try to touch her breasts as she rubbed his chest. 11111111stated "Jeff would try to get away 
with more and more on each massage". Obstated Epstein would try to touch her more and on one occasion 
he attempted to use a massager/vibrator on her. Robson droveinIto the house for the original massage. SIND 
left Sarah her cell phone number and every time Epstein would come into town, Sarah would call her for an 
appointment to "work". Each time she went, Sarah would meet her at the kitchen door area. She would bring 
her upstairs and prepare the massage table. ifillbadvised Epstein would ask her questions about herself. Epstein 
knew she was a 
and would be attending 
	
I asked...if Epstein knew her real 
age. 	
stated Epstein did and didn't care. The most recent massage she provided was on October 1, 2005. 
During the massage, she asked Epstein if she could borrow one of his vehicles to visit her family and boyfriend in 
Orlando, Florida. Epstein had told her she could borrow one of his vehicles but later stated he would rent her a 
car. She continued with the massage as Epstein grabbed her buttocks and caressed the buttocks cheeks. I 
askedilnlif she was wearing undergarments to which she replied her thong underwear. Once he tried to touch 
her breasts, she would pull away from him and he would stop. alliwas asked if he ever used a vibrator on her. 
INIIII.was aware of the vibrator but advised she never would allow him to use the vibrator on her.. She described 
the vibrator as the large white vibrator with a huge head on the tip of the vibrator. She stated he kept the vibrator 
in a closet near the massage table. 
111111111stated that on October 3, 2005, she was contacted by Epstein's assistant, Sarah, who informed her 
tnat Jeff Epstein had rented her a new Nissan Sentra and she should come by the house to pick it up. Sarah 
informedfill.she would have the car for a month. =lb stated Epstein knew her car was not working properly 
and that she had missed appointments in the past because of her car being inoperable. 1111111explained the car is 
currently parked next to theill.1.1111111111110Gym field. I asked her if she ever took any one to the house.:
explained she took anismeop a friend of hers who attended1111.1111.1.1111111111.11111Mik. who has 
relocated to Orlando to attend college. I asked if she ever allowed another female in the room. MD advised no 
one was brought into the room with her. 
At the conclusion of the interview, Det Dawson and I went to the gym area o 
	
and 
located the Silver Nissan Sentra bearing Florida tag X98-APM . The vehicle is registered to Dollar Rent a Car 
out:Of the Palm Beach International Airport. The vehicle was rented by Janusz Banasiack, later learned to be 
Epstein's houseman, and paid with Epstein's credit card. 
CO
n September 11, 2005, wife, dob War was arrested by the Palm Beach Police Department 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by 
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me. 
State of Florida 
County of Pal 	
each 
Signatur 	
ting Officer 
Signature of Police I  fficer ( .S.S. 117.10) 	
Date: 05 /2006 
^In 
07/26/17
Page 2333
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Probable Cause Affidavit 
Palm Beach Police Department 
Agency ORI# FLO 500600 
for misdemeanor possession of marijuana. During the arrest Stold the arresting officer that she had information 
about sexual activity taking place at the residence of Jeffrey Epstein3Additionally, during the ongoing trash pulls 
from. Epstein's residence, discarded papers were found which contained 1111 name and cell phone number. 
On October, 11, 2005, Det Dawson and I met with end obtained a sworn taped statement. SO 
explained she had been going to Epstein's house since 2002, when she was sixteen years of age. Since then she 
has gone to the house hundreds of times. Iffilbstated she became his "number one girl." She explained that on 
her first visit she was brought to the house by fellowilli
classmate,11111111.1111. 
IM/said she was brought through the kitchen area where she met Sarah Kellen. for the first time. 	
was led to 
the master bedroom, Epstein s room. ',explained that as she was walking up the stairs she observed several 
photographs of naked women along the walls and tables of the house. illifurther explained that she was 
brought into the bedroom, where Sarah prepared the room by setting up the massage table and provided the oils 
for her to rub on Epstein. 1111110explained she remembered the steam room area, which contained two large 
showers. Epstein entered the room from the steam room area and introduced himself. Epstein lay on the table 
and told her to get comfortable. removed her skirt and kept her shirt on. Epstein then instructed her to 
remove her shirt. lirremoved her shirt and remembered she was not wearing a bra. EPlistated she provided 
the massage wearing only her panties. She continued rubbing his legs, thighs and feet. asi advised he turned 
over onto his back. Epstein touched her breasts and began to masturbate. Epstein ejaculated which meant the 
assage was over. At the conclusion of the massage, 	
vas paid $200.00. They walked together downstairs 
where Sarah Kellen and IIIMPIPIONIIIPwere waiting. •stated SEIM received an unknown amount of 
money for taking her to Epstein. Epstein instructed to leave her cellular telephone number so that he could 
contact her when he is in town. 
410 stated that during her many visits a routine was established between her and Epstein. She would enter 
the house and get naked in the bedroom. She would then start with a back massage. Epstein would roll on to his 
back and allow her to massage his chest area. anstated Epstein would then began to masturbate himself and at 
the sarne time would insert his fingers in her vagina and masturbate her with his fingers. 1111111explained Epstein 
would continue this process until he ejaculated. He would then utilize a vibrator/massager on her vagina until MOP 
climaxed. ap advised that during her frequent visits, Epstein asked for her real age, 	
stated she was sixteen. 
Epstein advised her not to tell anyone her real age. MIR advised that things escalated within the home as Epstein 
would instruct and payillikto have intercourse with his female friend, Nada Marcinkova. Ilkxplained the 
intercourse included using strap on dildos, large rubber penis' and other devices that Epstein had at his disposal. 
Epstein would watch them have intercourse and masturbate himself Occasionally, Epstein would then join in 
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed 
before me this 1.3` day of May, 2006 by 
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me. 
Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)  
State of Florida 
County of Palm each 
Signature/ 	
ng Officer 
Date: 05/i 2006 
To- 
07/26/17
Page 2334
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

Sales leader :term bated for Me rOhaf) (flee theft  
Clceed 	
Isaw 	
03j That by Aug.:Ninth 
11104/05 	
rip!onat la 	
oceion 
1114/2004 IA 11:44004 
FEB-16-2006 18:27 FROM:LIMITED BRANDS LEGAL 6144157188 	
TO:912127500381 	P.2/5 
Case 	
Umitedbrand8 	
oil::205/20ag 
lotorla's Septet-Stores 
incident Report VSS2005015581 
4d-, 	
n'tinnib LANY** 
MIAs 	
WInry 10111amti 
(Maio: 	
243 .0.44;t4 Mettle 
Re415A1 	
270. 270-NISS 
/41 
6:24/200S 
919/2004 
'S/17/2004 
9/15/2005• 
POOY4 
5.04% 
A:40% 
ASO% 
3.10% 
5,04% 
eowitmt 
41198K 
4.62:6k 
140.9% 
OW% 
S49.ik 
On 11f406 RIX M. elSkin Interviewed suilling,06 edrilitted to tneteliandlire theft totaling S20p.0.0. trito*Atton.wai 
with FlOnnie:Lemax.pMend Veronica: montan,Z. Gtvl and Halt fattened lirreediataly atIntactindruslen stair ritalVieliii 	
• 
plisamereir 
This investigation. was 
	
of .a-cell *from .Stacey Taylor; :0)-:MaPPIlgr 11.141. o*t4f0df
...-41
....ti 
an Incident opourreitson.rriday•OOtotier.21stZoo4,. 	
. 	
. • 
Invoivingeliiiiileli; CSL 0111621Tie 'tra'work atit.30Orn on .1(1/21/6,54reseed.161**0:tiettiiiatty*ber+: ••• • 
Orkin and ikOotintegi:,Oritrittc bag:
ritainIno what soaked 9oti•tibtandfs1IP40; .011ilhertitatatl 
irrthe malt to .teturn it pair of shoes and one would returnior her sehOoluted ;shift* 4irn, 	
: • 
Ai aPProxirilgeiY7:45 	
*40 tf)fi•-sfewe$810144nthe•Phentit'elftfibfiisrek
., 
ShOSotrodeit4ii:eqateod so when $he.finistred.viith firsi!rcall; ihe continued to.ei‘pleirithatiterihed.pietert 	 . 
cegaraer,sertiitiefk000aftse OPtioir her.vitA tethmehogs-fere two rOtifilieklentiltherfl.tecfrharAsseirilifini   
tt4truicriindiferittomaidniittOttNtthit..4a.teatin2 	
:b.ocr end- 
Abdoralitcptd.herfeiter finishing theretOtri. ens:tittle:00 loikrieecf,rieoft..eqtrivin:44Fra•itbra: as iffe-'4%.  "tickVpi:r: 
back 	
iftteppk.Wmateli Wpm, a trieh ,came to The Inintof.theigefe-Atid:*eid 	
;17'4004 . • • 
fhe:tfetei fitif4teadlirOdYlillreitt.i.Othetkeilet eresOng*-earoitelii* Thet•tatiWleffeeir.? , 
inmates end hetshowed or a place ofipeperthattopkoldbke e•rAcAlpt- fe*.rnotOents,4ter sfieyreIt.sedfiaach:fi. 
A ' 
:startled, Seirinpthit the pan who fled. came irtfhe.eliate:was the manager at:iopteWseilefthet•helirf;iftitttf• .  
eT of .titeellit:the , fietivishri.:0Pdrptiener4 c!eirriig•M 
netitie-'etioes•tierlerge05.0itittive•Afiei,Voon ilft04 .7, rvf . 
tieckpritheteiesliporind 14.7-1yOiriait in.her nildto 	
LieStkflpippealrla..  
*exit iri ith'ettent ).he.•stitire-eed.:'spokerd the Aoirtat1;..:Who thetthiParripletiter.40.t„,“ 	
;lifted liftift*,titjiaki • 
Who 0E04 sheOpliti het tele .was At theittOre end. the lady.  wee epteariftet . 	
• 
tu.Stace9,Troi.loriliet a vieekage. 	
toita Olt P' show: .in-tte!malt(OPOVja*!qh0.0slOcillAin 
tfiat-sheteld 	
storesAhe 	
that OpykinciPaittg*. ityf waitolififfat ao OioNellef.ifii(thertiiShe 
• accused..__ geOling the iffiets eit134.ethrniriti.fhOffei' Seftieletrii keRillieTer41fit'444;ilth)66'.0041'Cti • 
lira '0014114•Powfittot.umae.d.
rgelof iti4PiectAgIoIletfetitiferfirgireekr; 	
• 
p may rof'f*)Ito.t.+Piri0:4414ert.4104111ifyitt.,1% siprtitwrifori;Orfahroti4.6440 So*, 	•I'oPftritit- 
07/26/17
Page 2335
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

FEB-16-2006 18:27 FROM:LIMITED BRANDS LEGAL 6144157188 
TO:912127500381 	 P.3/5 
Limited brands 	
DOnleetore: 2115,1,CD:: 
Victoria's Secret Stores 
Riport VSS200501.5pez 
which contained her credit -card number. The lady lekthe -store very upset. A. mall security officer 'named Balt4ar„ 
came in the store 'looking for "I and she began explaining to him that her father had sent some Shoes. to her 
boyfriend and that they didn't fit so. he :gave:them to her to return so she -could purchase semethirigthrit she 
wanted_ The mail officer risked her how she had gotten that receipt and she said fhetherboyfriandigatieherthe 
bag, of shoes with that receipt Inside and lambed no Idea hoW thistly! happened. Soon after, Saltizar leftend. 
another Melt Officer came into the Store in his Mid 20% black, arid large-  built. She began explaining that :her 
boyfriend had troughs shoes for her father end that they didn't fit so he asked her to return:them screhe cwici 
purchase:am/fling she wanted theroV changihg her Original story: The questioning continued on. for about 5, more 
minutes: and she was teen told .by.the officer that all the woman wanted was tog et 11 et' Merchandite hack:, 
asked the officer what she shoubd, do:.to get the Woman'amerchandise back and that she just swanded thielego • 
away" .and that "she -didn't care abotither shoes and she wet,ild. return them' in order to:retrieve theMetthendise 
for the Wenien. The mall officer. escorted 	
out of the store and a farnaie Melt officer; tiaptIzer, thewornan who 
made the gilAtatiegr$ and the manager of Journeys returned to Journeys. • 	
washot wearing the shoe.S.She had 
earlier and Met the mall officerfeft, 	
asked Taylor not to tell Veronica,. SM vrtiathad happened.. 
ClJpriate:-.Opteber 28th, 2005: At approximately 4k1Spm,4 	
vas leaving:the-store and.Chtlettria (.^inalariot%.1 
saw - 1 kneeling down ()Ate floor diggingthrough her purse. At •Orfilario apPrioached her, she Oiled Otita.pait of 
hlocKQkThanties that had.a sensor on them. She then looked up at Orplano and. said "Seraerrieislryinimeet., 
me up,:pccording-  to- her, sheep id that:she; had walked out of the store; and the sensormatie hadibeen 'ttet.ofkea:- 
she oaritbeek ih, WI reheated this once again„ and that le when ()retsina approuthedher. .0toiano:oneeRecr 
begs and sent her home. 
The. associated who Worked that day where Shayna (12 4) , Reagan 0;30 = 2):. and Jelmie. (2 - 7). 
On 11/45 RI:PM Colon spoke to an associate by the name Of Shayiei Casdorph and she istatecithat She 
observed several items of VS5 merchandise in ", 	
ref one -day, The Items found were -Halo Perlitine;lahk.tepi, 
bras, panties and aeoessories. 
9 P " ,%0•0116 
cOn 114/05C:den interviewed I 	
Ind she admitted to merchandise theft totatirig $209.:00, She stated the 
.  
for steeling was that she understood.  he wes not getting paid enough and she was- struggling firiarrialli....she 
agreed to pay restitution for the amount of $g99;o0 . . could not remember the'dateS when she,;fitifitated: 
stealing and she could not remember ali the. Merchandise stolen.. She tatect:the•merthabditewas cOricatileitini • 
her clotting. The toll free number was provided to I It and the Interyierw Wasaedle recordedi At the.,.cOradosidn.:4 
the intlIrviewl 	
allowed toxesign.  and the manager esebrted her out of the•-store. 
 
sat 
11.6,0w 
Type: 
Wier* 
Oubfais 	
Amon,  Teragnaet 
&AM 	
MeV: 
Pak, 
 	
 
 
 
 
 
07/26/17
Page 2336
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

FEB-16-2006 18:27 FROM:LIMITED BRANDS LEGAL 6144157188 
TO:912127500381 	
P.4'5 
Limited brands 
Victorla's Secret Stares 
inoidentReport VSS2D05015582 
eentederrO1.5/2060 
Origw_lystimiz 
t-Colon verified XBR and.  ound several syspicious returns. on 10/30 and 11/2/05 totaling approkiamtely $210.0Dpuritiglhateirrti 
of the Interview 	
did not admit to any fraudulent refunds.On 11/4105 RLPM Colon spoke to an .assoclate by the name. of 
Shayna Casdorph and she stated that she observed several items of•VSS momhandiso in . 	
=Forte day, The hip:le:fauna 
were Hato P.erfUme, tank top, bras, panties and accessorlis) 
ParaikaiSon 
resigned et the conclusion of interview and.Co.MansgerNeyed termination. es not rehireable for policy vioraftoo. 
Dimdlime 	
$209,00 	
Mladdlecovelut 	
$209.00 
Iniforect Low 	
$0.00 	
Nat Low 	
$0.00 
blorchahific4 Uudih 
fidlitiSaUf 	Trap or 14trunaixt<57 EA:Mi1laDOM1.5:50090 	 L4Se.zi 	
t!aajuia 	
iiiititextrarke 	
taals.fisite 	
Apitd F.t11. 
Inremation- 
Rite Depart/ma New: 
POW Addiesr 
Poko ficpv 
Peke °Metre Name 	
kepi:ming Vfkees Sadvetit 
MW 
11*; meatus-ate procerty.stumitea areedserki trisubjektna alisterivaytettennotectian,. 
it met,  no t 0101011101:Dr MONOtia464MIktie 	
ii0t0i/OfiCtItUt khil101etOd•S", 
 
oi9P4*-41 
07/26/17
Page 2337
Public Records Request No.: 17-295

: 
cuporvlsofe nerne(s), and circumstances of the ditscharp 
k If yes, Please provide details, including place(s) of employment. l000tidr(s), dato(0, 
FEB-15-2006 03:39PM FAx:9042794321 
IDILIMXTED BRANDS LEGAL PAGE:004 R=96" 
FEB 15 2006 14157 FR VICTORIA SECRET 
mriptuyi 	
"ppm:moon 
An equal opportuNty employer, Vcki0 secret Storas, 
does ngrdiestriminate In hiring or tens and conditions 
of vapiornentbeceuse of an individuafs rate, ColOr. 
•-•- religion. gander, national origin, cRi2enahti, ago-, 
sexual oriontation or marital status. Victoria's Seaet 
Stares, Ira cigy Nre5 kiclAidttelS authorized for employment 
In the United SUMS. 
Oats el Application 
FEB-16-2006 18:27 FROM:LIMITED BRANDS LEGAL 6144157188 	
TO:912127500381 
P.5/5 
P.04/16 
90427E14321 TO 161441571E18 
VICTORIA'S SECRET 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
EDUCATION 
type ri SOh001 
Name and Location of School 
Deems / Area a 
Study 
Numbor of Yew% 
Altoeded 
. t 
.. • z,...,.., 	
.7t,..". 
NIGH SCHOOL 
ikt 	
....,-:1 
F.- 
A 	
4 
COLLEGE 
144m4 
Z: 
'- 
Os 
r i 	
DI  
sb4   
tel
.. 	
... 
AT. 1714  
1.4.: 
Car 	
Slam. 
OTHER 
Name 
City 	
State 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
i.w onipioy,..int giArtios with your ma:: wont position. Account for any time during this period that you were unemployed by stating the naturis 
If you have less than four woes of ernployrnerI, Include personal reforentea to be oot11130ted. I'M), 
 We Contact your ourrant employer.? 
Of 	
aerlivlties. 
NI* 
:_1.r 	
- 	
bates  Name end Address of Employer 
Position Held and Supervisor 
List Major Duties 
.: ...Vraiiiii?, t- ' 	
- ... 	
00,t)47- 
13Ick., 
 
. e 
.- 
V.11 	
.'..-; 	
, 
At, 
Altpc. . 	
1  
,0 	
4.6.rfri., K.. 
dot 
 , 
L 
.. 
0,14,4:-Z ).--V i.. 
. 	
..., ,.,  
i 
4  f , 
,  
• . 
..
F.
i 
„ 
': 
 
, 	
. ,.  
gotta : . 
t..7.. 
•,.... 
i   
514h4; 4 	
a., Ns 
2AlitZllfigq 	
J.,  
k ..' 	
sjilg40 
 . 	
-..',:5'., 
 
• cis 	
.4,- 	
l 
4k, 
17l/ ;. 	
X 
RU , 
-''':1 
Yank* ilea 	
O 
ki 
!7. 	
1  
 :. -.1eZ: 	
' 
. 	
-...k.- 	
Al-%
•  
.0104,43. s,*) 
cEd. vg..44t.,* f., 
MI6: 
 
'A 
. 	
•I 	
27 3,f. 	
ne.',41( 
10 .- 
{`,• 
/demos 
-•• 	
!Au 
ttillf 	
.74— 	
7.7',. 
 
 Mole 
Supervisor 
____,, 	
• 
M oak NORA 
How 
Flow long bave.you he there? 
yrs. .4 esfus.  
How long did you:  
A 
yOu am under the age a le, pleeeestege 
year age: 
Pealbon Dative& 
Scnedide 	O'FUll Time 	
<irJilinfa. 
0 'Temporary SeaSerel- 
Salary Expected SS  C.F So per VICUr— 
Date Available-  civil' 	
4 
- 
Dva 
kcp)S-Cile 
07/26/17
Page 2338
Public Records Request No.: 17-295
